Good morning. 大家早上好。
I'm very pleased to have this opportunity to say a little about two exciting new developments in the city: the Brackenside Open-Air Swimming Pool and the children's Adventure Playground in Central Park. 我很高兴有这个机会，向大家简单介绍本市两个令人期待的新项目：Brackenside露天游泳池和中央公园儿童探险游乐场。⭐️【new development = 新建项目；新开发设施】⭐️【open-air swimming pool = 露天游泳池】⭐️【adventure playground = 探险游乐场】
As many of you may know, the idea for these initiatives came from you-The public, in the extensive consultation exercise which the City Council conducted last year. 各位可能已经知道，这些项目的构想来自各位公众，是市议会去年开展大规模意见征询活动时收集到的。⭐️【initiative = 新举措；新项目】⭐️【extensive consultation exercise = 大规模意见征询活动】⭐️【conduct a consultation = 开展意见征询】
And they have been realised using money from the SWRDC - the South West Regional Development Commission. 这些项目利用西南地区发展委员会提供的资金得以落地。⭐️【realise an initiative = 将项目／构想变为现实】⭐️【regional development commission = 地区发展委员会】
First of all, Brackenside Pool. 首先介绍Brackenside游泳池。⭐️【first of all = 首先（话语功能：开启第一项内容）】
As many of the older members of the audience will remember, there used to be a wonderful open-air pool on the sea front 30 years ago but it had to close when it was judged to be unsafe. 在座年纪稍长的各位可能还记得，30年前海滨曾有一座很棒的露天游泳池，但后来由于被判定存在安全隐患，不得不关闭。⭐️【the sea front = 海滨地区】⭐️【be judged to be = 被判定为……】
For the design of this new heated pool, we were very happy to secure the talents of internationally renowned architect Ellen Wendon, who has managed to combine a charming 1930s design, which fits in so well with many of the other buildings in the area, 在这座新建恒温泳池的设计上，我们非常高兴能够请到国际知名建筑师Ellen Wendon。她成功地将迷人的20世纪30年代风格——这种风格与当地许多其他建筑十分协调——⭐️【secure the talents of = 成功请到某位人才】⭐️【internationally renowned = 国际知名的】⭐️【fit in with = 与……协调；融入……】
with up-to-the-minute features such as a recycling system - the only one of its kind in the world - which enables seawater to be used in the pool. 与最先进的设施结合起来，例如一套使泳池能够使用海水的循环系统——这也是全世界唯一一套同类系统。⭐️【up-to-the-minute = 最新式的；最先进的】⭐️【the only one of its kind = 同类中唯一的一个】⭐️【enable something to be used = 使某物能够得到使用】
Now, there has been quite a bit of discussion in the local press about whether there would be enough room for the number of visitors we are hoping to attract, but the design is deceptive and there have been rigorous checks about capacity. 当地媒体一直在广泛讨论，这里是否有足够的空间容纳我们希望吸引的游客数量；不过，这项设计看起来比实际空间小，而且我们已经对容纳能力进行了严格检查。⭐️【the local press = 当地媒体】⭐️【the design is deceptive = 设计呈现出的空间感具有迷惑性；实际空间比看起来大】⭐️【rigorous checks = 严格检查】⭐️【capacity = 容纳能力】
Also, just in case you were wondering, we're on schedule for a June 15th opening date and well within budget: a testimony to the excellent work of local contractors Hickman's. 另外，或许各位正想了解工程进展：我们能够按照计划在6月15日开放，而且费用远未超出预算，这充分证明了当地承包商Hickman's工作的出色。⭐️【just in case you were wondering = 或许你正想知道（话语功能：预判并回应疑问）】⭐️【be on schedule = 按计划进行】⭐️【well within budget = 远未超出预算】⭐️【a testimony to = ……的有力证明】⭐️【contractor = 承包商】
We hope that as many people as possible will be there on June 15th. 我们希望6月15日当天能有尽可能多的人到场。⭐️【as many people as possible = 尽可能多的人】
We have engaged award-winning actress Coral White to declare the pool open and there'll be drinks and snacks available at the pool side. 我们已经邀请获奖演员Coral White为泳池宣布开幕，池畔还会提供饮料和小吃。⭐️【engage someone to do = 聘请／邀请某人做某事】⭐️【award-winning = 获奖的】⭐️【declare something open = 宣布某设施正式开放】
There'll also be a competition for the public to decide on the sculpture we plan to have at the entrance: you will decide which famous historical figure from the city we should have. 届时还会举办一项公众评选活动，由大家决定入口处计划设置的雕像：各位将选出一位本市著名历史人物作为雕像原型。⭐️【decide on = 选定；决定采用】⭐️【historical figure = 历史人物】
And now, moving on to the Central Park Playground, which we're pleased to announce has just won the Douglas Award for safety: the news came through only last week. 现在我们来介绍中央公园游乐场。我们很高兴地宣布，它刚刚获得了Douglas安全奖；这个消息上周才传来。⭐️【move on to = 转而介绍……（话语功能：话题转换）】⭐️【come through = 消息传来；收到消息】
The unique design is based on the concept of the Global Village, with the playground being divided into six areas showing different parts of the world - each with a representative feature. 这项独特的设计以“地球村”概念为基础，游乐场被划分为六个区域，分别呈现世界上的不同地区，每个区域都有一项代表性特色。⭐️【be based on the concept of = 以……概念为基础】⭐️【representative feature = 代表性特色】
For example, there is a section on Asia, and this is represented by rides and equipment in the shape of snakes, orang-utans, tigers and so on - fauna native to the forests of the region. 例如，其中有一个亚洲主题区，通过蛇、猩猩和老虎等造型的游乐设施和器材来表现该地区；这些都是原生于亚洲森林的动物。 ⭐ ️【in the shape of = 呈……形状】⭐️【fauna = 某地区的动物群】⭐️【be native to = 原生于……】
Moving south to the Antarctic一 we couldn't run to an ice rink l'm afraid but opted instead for climbing blocks in the shape of mountains.&nbsp; 接着向南来到南极洲——很遗憾，我们没有足够的经费建造一座溜冰场，因此改为选用山峰造型的攀爬设施。 ⭐ ️【run to = 有足够的钱负担】⭐️【opt instead for = 转而选择】⭐️【climbing block = 攀爬设施】【ice rink 溜冰场】
I thought they could have had slides for the glaciers but the designers did want to avoid being too literal! 我原本觉得他们可以用滑梯来表现冰川，但设计师确实希望避免把主题表现得过于直白！⭐️【slide = 滑梯】⭐️【be too literal = 表现得过于字面化／直白】
Then on to South America - and here the theme is El Dorado - games replicating the search for mines full of precious stones. 接下来是南美洲，这里的主题是“黄金国”：通过游戏再现寻找蕴藏大量宝石的矿山的过程。⭐️【El Dorado = 传说中的黄金国】⭐️【replicate = 再现；仿制】⭐️【precious stone = 宝石】
And then moving up to North America, here there was considerable debate - I know the contribution of cinema and jazz was considered but the designers finally opted for rockets and the International Space Station. 然后向北来到北美洲。这个区域的主题曾引发大量讨论；据我所知，设计师考虑过电影和爵士乐所作出的贡献，但最终选择了火箭和国际空间站。⭐️【considerable debate = 大量讨论；激烈争论】⭐️【the contribution of = ……所作的贡献】⭐️【opt for = 选择】
Eastwards to Europe then, and perhaps the most traditional choice of all the areas: medieval castles and other fortifications. 接着向东来到欧洲，这里的主题可能是所有区域中最传统的选择：中世纪城堡和其他防御工事。⭐️【medieval castle = 中世纪城堡】⭐️【fortification = 防御工事】
Then last, but not least, moving south to Africa and a whole set of wonderful mosaics and trails to represent the great rivers of this fascinating and varied continent. 最后但同样重要的是，向南来到非洲。这里设置了一整套精美的马赛克图案和路线，用来表现这片迷人而多元的大陆上的主要河流。⭐️【last but not least = 最后但同样重要的是（话语功能：强调最后一项的重要性）】⭐️【a whole set of = 一整套】⭐️【mosaic = 马赛克图案；镶嵌画】⭐️【trail = 路线；步道】⭐️【a varied continent = 多元的大陆】
Now, the opening date for our Global Playground is 10th July. 这座“全球游乐场”的开放日期是7月10日。⭐️【opening date = 开放日期】
And again we'd love to see you there - so make a date and come and see this magnificent, original new amenity right in the heart of the city. 我们同样非常期待各位届时到场——所以请把这一天安排出来，前来参观这座宏伟而新颖的新设施；它就坐落在市中心。⭐️【make a date = 约定日期；把日期预留出来】⭐️【amenity = 便利设施；公共设施】⭐️【in the heart of = 位于……中心地带】