Today we're pleased to have on the show Alice Bussell from the Dolphin Conservation Trust. 今天，我们很高兴邀请到海豚保护基金会的Alice Bussell做客本节目。⭐️【have someone on the show = 邀请某人做客节目】
Tell us about the Trust, Alice.&nbsp; Alice，请向我们介绍一下基金会吧。
Well, obviously its purpose is to protect dolphins in seas all around the world. 显然，它的宗旨是保护世界各地海域中的海豚。
It tries to raise people's awareness of the problems these marine creatures are suffering because of pollution and other threats. 它努力提高人们对这些海洋生物所面临问题的认识，这些问题源于污染及其他威胁。⭐️【raise people’s awareness of = 提高人们对……的认识】⭐️【marine creature = 海洋生物】
It started ten years ago and it's one of the fastest growing animal charities in the country - although it's still fairly small compared with the big players in animal protection. 它成立于十年前，是该国发展速度最快的动物慈善机构之一——不过，与动物保护领域的大型机构相比，它的规模仍然比较小。⭐️【animal charity = 动物保护慈善机构】⭐️【big player = 具有重要影响力的大型机构】⭐️【although = 不过；尽管（话语功能：让步）】
We are particularly proud of the work we do in education一 last year we visited a huge number of schools in different parts of the country, going round to talk to children and young people aged from five to eighteen.&nbsp; 我们尤其以教育方面的工作为荣——去年，我们走访了全国不同地区的大量学校，与5至18岁的儿童和青少年进行交流。 ⭐ ️【be proud of = 以……为荣】⭐️【go round = 四处走访】
In fact, about thirty-five per cent of our members are children. 事实上，我们大约35%的会员都是儿童。⭐️【in fact = 事实上（话语功能：补充／强调）】
The charity uses its money to support campaigns -for example, for changes in fishing policy and so forth. 该慈善机构利用资金支持各种倡议活动，例如推动渔业政策改革等。⭐️【support a campaign = 支持倡议活动】⭐️【and so forth = 等等】
It hopes soon to be able to employ its first full-time biologist - with dolphin expertise - to monitor populations. 基金会希望不久后能够聘请首位具有海豚专业知识的全职生物学家，负责监测海豚种群。⭐️【expertise = 专业知识；专长】⭐️【monitor populations = 监测种群数量】
Of course, many people give their services on a voluntary basis and we now have volunteers working in observation, office work and other things. 当然，许多人以志愿形式提供服务；目前，我们已有志愿者从事观察、办公室工作及其他事务。⭐️【on a voluntary basis = 以志愿形式；无偿地】
I should also tell you about the award we won from the Charity Commission last year - for our work in education. 我还应该告诉大家，去年我们凭借教育方面的工作获得了慈善委员会颁发的奖项。
Although it's not meant an enormous amount of money for us, it has made our activities even more widely publicised and understood. 尽管这项荣誉没有为我们带来巨额资金，但它让我们的活动得到更加广泛的宣传和了解。⭐️【publicise = 宣传；推广】
In the long term it may not bring in extra members but we're hoping it'll have this effect. 从长远来看，它未必会为我们吸引更多会员，但我们希望它能产生这样的效果。⭐️【in the long term = 从长远来看】⭐️【bring in = 带来；吸引】
Is it possible to see dolphins in UK waters? 在英国水域能看到海豚吗？⭐️【UK waters = 英国水域】
Yes. 是的。
In several locations. 在好几个地方都能看到。
And we have a big project in the east part of Scotland. 而且，我们在苏格兰东部开展了一个大型项目。
This has long been a haven for dolphins because it has very little shipping. 这里长期以来一直是海豚的安宁栖息地，因为来往船只很少。⭐️【a haven for = ……的安全栖息地／避风港】⭐️【shipping = 船运；来往船只】
However, that may be about to change soon because oil companies want to increase exploration there. 然而，这种情况可能很快就要发生变化，因为石油公司希望增加在当地的勘探活动。⭐️【however = 然而（话语功能：转折）】⭐️【be about to = 即将】⭐️【oil exploration = 石油勘探】
We're campaigning against this because, although there'll be little pollution from oil, exploration creates a lot of underwater noise. 我们正在开展反对这一计划的活动，因为尽管石油造成的污染可能不多，勘探活动却会产生大量水下噪声。⭐️【campaign against = 开展活动反对……】
It means the dolphins can't rest and socialise. 这意味着海豚无法休息和进行社交活动。⭐️【socialise = 进行社交活动】
This is how I became interested in dolphin conservation in the first place. 这正是我最初对海豚保护产生兴趣的原因。⭐️【in the first place = 起初；最开始】
I had never seen one and I hadn't been particularly interested in them at school. 我以前从未见过海豚，上学时对它们也没有特别感兴趣。
Then I came across this story about a family of dolphins who had to leave their home in the Moray Firth because of the oil companies and about a child who campaigned to save them. 后来，我偶然读到一个故事，讲的是一个海豚家庭因为石油公司而不得不离开它们在马里湾的家园，以及一个为拯救它们而发起行动的孩子。⭐️【come across = 偶然发现；无意中读到】⭐️【campaign to do = 发起行动以做……】
I couldn't put the book down - I was hooked. 我完全放不下那本书——我彻底被吸引住了。⭐️【can’t put a book down = 对一本书爱不释手】⭐️【be hooked = 入迷；被深深吸引】
I'm sure our listeners will want to find out what they can do to help. 我相信，我们的听众会想知道自己可以做些什么来提供帮助。
You mentioned the 'Adopt a Dolphin' scheme. 你刚才提到了“认养一只海豚”计划。⭐️【adopt a dolphin = 认养一只海豚】⭐️【scheme = 计划；项目】
Can you tell us about that? 你能向我们介绍一下吗？
Of course! 当然！
People can choose one of our dolphins to sponsor. 人们可以选择我们的一只海豚进行资助认养。⭐️【sponsor = 资助；赞助】
They receive a picture of it and news updates. 他们会收到海豚的照片及最新动态。⭐️【news update = 最新消息；动态】
I'd like to tell you about four which are currently being adopted by our members: Moondancer, Echo, Kiwi and Samson. 我想向大家介绍目前由会员认养的四只海豚：Moondancer、Echo、Kiwi和Samson。
Unfortunately, Echo is being rather elusive this year and hasn't yet been sighted by our observers but we remain optimistic that he'll be out there soon. 遗憾的是，Echo今年一直行踪不定，观察人员还没有发现它；不过，我们仍然乐观地相信，很快就能看到它。⭐️【elusive = 难以找到的；行踪不定的】⭐️【be sighted = 被发现；被目击】⭐️【remain optimistic = 仍然保持乐观】
All the others have been out in force - Samson and Moondancer are often photographed together but it is Kiwi who's our real character as she seems to love coming up close for the cameras and we've captured her on film hundreds of times. 其他海豚都频繁现身——Samson和Moondancer经常被拍到在一起，但Kiwi才是其中最有个性的一个：它似乎很喜欢靠近镜头，我们已经数百次将它拍摄下来。⭐️【be out in force = 大量／频繁出现】⭐️【a real character = 很有个性的人或动物】⭐️【come up close = 靠近】⭐️【capture something on film = 将某物拍摄下来】
They all have their own personalities - Moondancer is very elegant and curves out and into the water very smoothly, whereas Samson has a lot of energy - he's always leaping out of the water with great vigour. 它们都有各自的性格——Moondancer非常优雅，会以流畅的弧线跃出水面再潜入水中；而Samson则精力充沛，总是活力十足地跃出水面。⭐️【whereas = 然而；相比之下（话语功能：对比）】⭐️【with great vigour = 充满活力地】
You'd probably expect him to be the youngest - he's not quite - that's Kiwi - but Samson's the latest of our dolphins to be chosen for the scheme. 你可能会以为Samson是其中最年轻的——其实并不是，最年轻的是Kiwi——但Samson是最近才被选入认养计划的海豚。
Kiwi makes a lot of noise so we can often pick her out straightaway.&nbsp; Kiwi会发出很大的声音，因此我们往往能够立刻辨认出它。 ⭐ ️【pick someone/something out = 辨认出】⭐️【straightaway = 立即；马上】
Echo and Moondancer are noisy too, but Moondancer's easy to find because she has a particularly large fin on her back, which makes her easy to identify.&nbsp; Echo和Moondancer发出的声音也很大，但Moondancer很容易找到，因为它背上的鳍特别大，因此很容易被辨认出来。 ⭐ ️【fin = 鳍】⭐️【identify = 识别；辨认】
So, yes, they're all very different... 所以，是的，它们彼此都很不一样……
Well, they sound a fascinating group ... 嗯，听起来它们真是一群很有意思的海豚……