I've been looking at ocean biodiversity, that's the diversity of species that live in the world's oceans. 我一直在研究海洋生物多样性，也就是世界各大洋中生物物种的多样性。⭐️【biodiversity = 生物多样性】
About 20 years ago biologists developed the idea of what they called 'biodiversity hotspots'. 大约20年前，生物学家提出了一个概念，称为“生物多样性热点”。⭐️【develop an idea = 提出并发展一种观点／概念】⭐️【biodiversity hotspot = 生物多样性热点】
These are the areas which have the greatest mixture of species, so one example is Madagascar. 这是指物种种类最为丰富的地区，马达加斯加就是其中一例。
These hotspots are significant because they allow us to locate key areas for focusing efforts at conservation. 这些热点地区非常重要，因为它们能帮助我们找到应当集中开展保护工作的关键区域。⭐️【focus efforts on/at = 集中力量开展……】⭐️【conservation = （自然环境及物种）保护】
Biologists can identify hotspots on land, fairly easily, 生物学家可以相对容易地确定陆地上的热点地区，
but until recently, very little was known about species distribution and diversity in the oceans, 但直到最近，人们对海洋物种的分布和多样性仍然知之甚少，⭐️【species distribution = 物种分布】⭐️【very little was known about = 人们对……知之甚少】
and no one even knew if hotspots existed there. 甚至没有人知道海洋中是否存在这样的热点地区。
Then a Canadian biologist called Boris Worm did some research in 2005 on data on ocean species that he got from the fishing industry. 后来，一位名叫Boris Worm的加拿大生物学家在2005年利用渔业提供的海洋物种数据开展了研究。⭐️【the fishing industry = 渔业】
Worm located five hotspots for large ocean predators like sharks, and looked at what they had in common. Worm确定了五个鲨鱼等大型海洋捕食者的聚集热点，并研究了它们的共同之处。⭐️【ocean predator = 海洋捕食者】⭐️【have something in common = 有共同之处】
The main thing he'd expected to find was that they had very high concentrations of food, 他原本预计会发现的主要特点是，这些地方的食物高度集中，⭐️【a high concentration of = 高浓度／高度集中的……】
but to his surprise that was only true for four of the hotspots - the remaining hotspot was quite badly off in that regard. 但令他惊讶的是，这一情况只适用于其中四个热点；剩下的那个热点在食物供应方面相当匮乏。⭐️【to someone's surprise = 令某人惊讶的是】⭐️【be true for = 适用于；符合……的情况】⭐️【be badly off = 匮乏；处境不佳】⭐️【in that regard = 在那方面（话语功能：限定所谈方面）】
But what he did find was that in all cases, the water at the surface of the ocean had relatively high temperatures, 但他确实发现，在所有这些热点地区，海洋表层的水温都相对较高，⭐️【in all cases = 在所有情况下】⭐️【at the surface of = 在……表层】
even when it was cool at greater depths, so this seemed to be a factor in supporting a diverse range of these large predators. 即使更深处的海水温度较低也是如此，因此，较高的表层水温似乎是维持多种大型捕食者生存的一个因素。⭐️【at greater depths = 在更深处】⭐️【a diverse range of = 多种多样的……】
However, this wasn't enough on its own, because he also found that the water needed to have enough oxygen in it - 然而，仅凭这一项条件还不够，因为他还发现水中必须含有充足的氧气。⭐️【however = 然而（话语功能：转折）】⭐️【on its own = 单独地；仅凭其本身】
so these two factors seemed necessary to support the high metabolic rate of these large fish. 因此，这两个因素似乎都是维持这些大型鱼类高代谢率的必要条件。⭐️【metabolic rate = 代谢率】
A couple of years later, in 2007, a researcher called Lisa Ballance, who was working in California, 几年后的2007年，一位在加利福尼亚工作的研究人员Lisa Ballance，
also started looking for ocean hotspots, but not for fish.&nbsp; &nbsp; What she was interested in was marine mammals, things like seals. 也开始寻找海洋热点，不过她寻找的并不是鱼类热点。 她感兴趣的是海洋哺乳动物，例如海豹。 ⭐ ️【marine mammal = 海洋哺乳动物】
And she found three places in the oceans which were hotspots, 她在海洋中找到了三个热点地区，
and what these had in common was that these hotspots were all located at boundaries between ocean currents, 它们的共同之处是都位于不同洋流的交界处，⭐️【ocean current = 洋流】⭐️【at the boundary between = 位于……之间的交界处】
and this seems to be the sort of place that has lots of the plankton that some of these species feed on. 而这类地方似乎拥有大量浮游生物，正是其中一些物种赖以为食的生物。⭐️【plankton = 浮游生物】⭐️【feed on = 以……为食】
So now people who want to protect the species that are endangered need to get as much information as possible. 因此，现在想要保护濒危物种的人需要获得尽可能多的信息。⭐️【endangered species = 濒危物种】
For example, there's an international project called the Census of Marine Life. 例如，有一个名为“海洋生物普查”的国际项目。⭐️【Census of Marine Life = 海洋生物普查】
They've been surveying oceans all over the world, including the Arctic. 该项目一直在调查世界各地的海洋，其中也包括北极海域。⭐️【survey = 调查；勘察】
One thing they found there which stunned other researchers was that there were large numbers of species which live below the ice 他们在那里发现的一件令其他研究人员震惊的事情是，有大量物种生活在冰层之下，⭐️【stun = 使震惊】⭐️【large numbers of = 大量的】
sometimes under a layer up to 20 metres thick. 有时上方的冰层厚达20米。⭐️【up to = 多达；高达】
Some of these species had never been seen before. 其中一些物种此前从未被发现过。
They've even found species of octopus living in these conditions. 他们甚至发现了生活在这种环境中的章鱼物种。
And other scientists working on the same project, but researching very different habitats on the ocean floor, 而参与同一项目、但研究海底其他不同栖息地的科学家，⭐️【habitat = 栖息地】⭐️【ocean floor = 海底】
have found large numbers of species congregating around volcanoes, attracted to them by the warmth and nutrients there. 还发现大量物种聚集在火山周围，它们是受到那里温度和营养物质的吸引。⭐️【congregate around = 聚集在……周围】⭐️【nutrient = 营养物质】
However, biologists still don't know how serious the threat to their survival is for each individual species. 然而，生物学家仍然不知道每个物种面临的生存威胁究竟有多严重。⭐️【threat to survival = 对生存的威胁】⭐️【individual species = 各个物种】
So a body called the Global Marine Species Assessment is now creating a list of endangered species on land, 因此，一个名为“全球海洋物种评估”的机构目前正在建立一份陆地濒危物种名录，⭐️【body = 机构；组织】⭐️【create a list of = 建立……名录】
so they consider things like the size of the population 因此，他们会考虑种群规模等因素，
how many members of one species there are in a particular place - and then they look at their distribution in geographical terms, 也就是某一特定地区有多少该物种的个体；然后还会从地理角度研究它们的分布情况，⭐️【in geographical terms = 从地理角度来看】
although this is quite difficult when you're looking at fish, because they're so mobile, 不过，研究鱼类时这项工作相当困难，因为鱼类的活动范围很大，⭐️【although = 尽管；不过（话语功能：让步）】⭐️【mobile = 活动范围广的；可自由移动的】
and then thirdly they calculate the rate at which the decline of the species is happening. 第三，他们会计算该物种数量下降的速度。⭐️【the rate at which = ……发生的速度】⭐️【species decline = 物种数量下降】
So far only 1,500 species have been assessed, but they want to increase this figure to 20,000. 到目前为止，他们只评估了1,500个物种，但希望将这一数字提高到20,000。⭐️【so far = 到目前为止（话语功能：限定时间范围）】
For each one they assess, they use the data they collect on that species to produce a map showing its distribution. 对于每一个接受评估的物种，他们都会利用收集到的数据绘制一张展示其分布情况的地图。
Ultimately they will be able to use these to figure out not only where most species are located but also where they are most threatened. 最终，他们将能够利用这些地图，不仅确定大多数物种分布在哪里，还能确定它们在哪里受到的威胁最为严重。⭐️【ultimately = 最终（话语功能：说明最终结果）】⭐️【figure out = 弄清楚；确定】⭐️【not only ... but also ... = 不仅……而且……（话语功能：递进）】
So finally，what can be done to retain the diversity of species in the world's oceans? 最后，我们可以采取什么措施来维持世界海洋中的物种多样性呢？⭐️【retain = 保持；维持】
Firstly, we need to set up more reserves in our oceans, places where marine species are protected. 首先，我们需要在海洋中设立更多保护区，也就是海洋物种受到保护的地方。⭐️【set up = 设立；建立】⭐️【marine reserve = 海洋保护区】
We have some, but not enough. 我们已经有了一些，但数量还不够。
In addition, to preserve species such as leatherback turtles, which live out in the high seas but have their nesting sites on the American coast, 此外，为了保护棱皮龟等物种——它们生活在公海，却在美洲海岸筑巢——⭐️【in addition = 此外（话语功能：补充）】⭐️【leatherback turtle = 棱皮龟】⭐️【the high seas = 公海】⭐️【nesting site = 筑巢地】
we need to create corridors for migration, so they can get from one area to another safely. 我们需要建立迁徙通道，使它们能够安全地从一个地区迁移到另一个地区。⭐️【migration corridor = 迁徙通道】
As well as this, action needs to be taken to lower the levels of fishing quotas to prevent overfishing of endangered species. 除此之外，还需要采取行动，降低捕鱼配额，以防止对濒危物种的过度捕捞。⭐️【as well as this = 除此之外（话语功能：补充）】⭐️【take action = 采取行动】⭐️【fishing quota = 捕鱼配额】⭐️【overfishing = 过度捕捞】
And finally, there's the problem of "by-catch". 最后，还有“兼捕”的问题。⭐️【by-catch = 兼捕；意外捕获的非目标物种】
This refers to the catching of unwanted fish by fishing boats - they're returned to the sea, but they're often dead or dying. 这是指渔船捕获了并不需要的鱼类；这些鱼虽然会被放回海中，但往往已经死亡或濒临死亡。⭐️【refer to = 指的是】⭐️【unwanted fish = 非目标鱼类】
If these commercial fishing boats used equipment which was more selective, so that only the fish wanted for consumption were caught, 如果这些商业渔船使用选择性更强的捕捞设备，只捕获供人食用的目标鱼类，⭐️【commercial fishing boat = 商业渔船】⭐️【for consumption = 供食用】
this problem could be overcome. 这个问题就可以得到解决。⭐️【overcome a problem = 解决／克服问题】
OK, So does anyone have any ... 好了，那么有人有什么……