We've been discussing the factors the architect has to consider when designing domestic buildings. 我们一直在讨论建筑师设计住宅建筑时必须考虑的因素。⭐️【domestic building = 住宅建筑】
I'm going to move on now to consider the design of public buildings, 现在我要接着讨论公共建筑的设计，⭐️【move on to = 接着转入……（话语功能：话题推进）】
and I'll illustrate this by referring to the new Taylor Concert Hall that's recently been completed here in the city. 我会以本市最近落成的新Taylor音乐厅为例来说明。⭐️【illustrate something by doing = 通过……说明某事】⭐️【refer to = 提及；以……为例】⭐️【be completed = 落成；竣工】
So, as with a domestic building, when designing a public building, an architect needs to consider the function of the building 因此，与住宅建筑一样，建筑师在设计公共建筑时需要考虑建筑的功能，⭐️【as with = 与……一样（话语功能：类比）】
for example, is it to be used primarily for entertainment, or for education, or for administration? 例如，它主要用于娱乐、教育还是行政办公？⭐️【be used primarily for = 主要用于……】
The second thing the architect needs to think about is the context of the building, 建筑师需要考虑的第二件事是建筑所处的环境背景，⭐️【the context of = ……所处的背景／环境】
this includes its physical location, obviously, but it also includes the social meaning of the building, 这显然包括它的地理位置，但也包括建筑所承载的社会意义，
how it relates to the people it's built for. 也就是它与使用这座建筑的人有怎样的联系。⭐️【relate to = 与……相关／产生联系】
And finally, for an important public buildings, the architect may also be looking for a centralsymbolic idea on which to base the design, 最后，对于一座重要的公共建筑，建筑师可能还会寻找一个可以作为设计基础的核心象征性理念，⭐️【base something on = 以……为基础】
a sort of metaphor for the building and the way in which it is used. 也就是一种象征这座建筑及其使用方式的隐喻。⭐️【metaphor = 隐喻】
Let's look at the new Taylor Concert Hall in relation to these ideas. 下面我们结合这些理念来看看新Taylor音乐厅。⭐️【in relation to = 联系……；就……而言】
The location chosen was a site in a run-down district that has been ignored in previous redevelopment plans. 选定的地点位于一个破败的城区，此前的改造规划一直没有顾及这里。⭐️【run-down = 破败的；衰败的】⭐️【redevelopment plan = 改造／再开发规划】
It was occupied by a factory that had been empty for some years. 这片土地原先是一座工厂，已经空置了好几年。⭐️【be occupied by = 被……占据／使用】
The whole area was some distance from the high-rise office blocks of the central business district and shopping centre, 整片区域距离中央商务区的高层办公楼和购物中心有一段距离，⭐️【high-rise office block = 高层办公楼】⭐️【central business district = 中央商务区】
but it was only one kilometre from the ring road. 但距离环城公路只有一公里。⭐️【ring road = 环城公路】
The site itself was bordered to the north by a canal which had once been used by boats bringing in raw materials when the area was used for manufacturing. 场地北侧与一条运河相邻；这里过去是制造业区时，船只曾通过这条运河运入原材料。⭐️【be bordered by = 与……接壤／以……为边界】⭐️【bring in = 运入；引进】⭐️【raw material = 原材料】
The architect chosen for the project was Tom Harrison. 该项目选定的建筑师是Tom Harrison。
He found the main design challenge was the location of the site in an area that had no neighbouring buildings of any importance. 他发现，设计上的主要挑战在于：场地周围没有任何重要建筑可以与之呼应。
To reflect the fact that the significance of the building in this quite run-down location was as yet unknown, 为了体现这座建筑在这个相当破败的地区将具有什么意义仍未可知，⭐️【as yet = 到目前为止；尚且】
he decided to create a building centred around the idea of a mystery - something whose meaning still has to be discovered. 他决定围绕“谜”这一理念设计建筑——它的意义仍有待人们发现。⭐️【be centred around = 以……为中心】⭐️【remain to be discovered / still have to be discovered = 仍有待发现】
So how was this reflected in the design of the building? 那么，这一理念是如何体现在建筑设计中的呢？⭐️【be reflected in = 体现在……之中】
Well, Harrison decided to create pedestrian access to the building and to make use of the presence of water on the site.&nbsp; Harrison决定为建筑设置步行通道，并利用场地中的水域。 ⭐ ️【pedestrian access = 步行通道】⭐️【make use of = 利用】
As people approach the entrance, they therefore have to cross over a bridge. 因此，人们走近入口时必须先穿过一座桥。
He wanted to give people a feeling of suspense as they see the building first from a distance, and then close-up, 他希望人们先从远处、再从近处看到这座建筑时，会产生一种悬念感，⭐️【a feeling of suspense = 悬念感】⭐️【from a distance = 从远处】⭐️【close-up = 从近处；近距离地】
and the initial impression he wanted to create from the shape of the building as a whole was that of a box. 而他希望建筑的整体外形给人的第一印象是一个盒子。 ⭐ ️【initial impression = 最初印象】⭐️【as a whole = 从整体来看】
The first side that people see, the southern wall, is just a high, flat wall uninterrupted by any windows. 人们最先看到的一面，也就是南墙，只是一堵高而平整、完全没有窗户打断的墙。⭐️【be uninterrupted by = 未被……打断／隔开】
This might sound off-putting, but it supports Harrison's concept of the building 这听起来可能让人望而却步，但它与Harrison的建筑理念相呼应，⭐️【off-putting = 令人反感的；使人望而却步的】
that the person approaching is intrigued and wonders what will be inside. 也就是让走近建筑的人产生好奇，想知道里面究竟有什么。⭐️【be intrigued = 被激起好奇心】
And this flat wall also has another purpose. 这面平墙还有另一个用途。
At night-time, projectors are switched on and it functions as a huge screen, onto which images are projected. 到了夜间，投影仪会被打开，这面墙便充当一块巨型屏幕，影像会投射在上面。⭐️【function as = 发挥……的作用；充当】⭐️【project an image onto = 将影像投射到……上】
The auditorium itself seats 1500 people. 音乐厅的观众席本身可容纳1,500人。⭐️【seat = 可容纳……人】
The floor's supported by ten massive pads. 地板由十个巨大的垫座支撑。
These are constructed from rubber, and so are able to absorb any vibrations from outside and prevent them from affecting the auditorium. 这些垫座由橡胶制成，因此能够吸收来自外部的振动，防止其影响音乐厅。⭐️【be constructed from = 由……制成】⭐️【absorb vibrations = 吸收振动】⭐️【prevent something from doing = 防止……做某事】
The walls are made of several layers of honey-coloured wood, all sourced from local beech trees. 墙壁由数层蜜色木材构成，木材全部取自当地的山毛榉。⭐️【be sourced from = 来源于；取自】⭐️【beech tree = 山毛榉】
In order to improve the acoustic properties of the auditorium and to amplify the sound, they are not straight, they are curved. 为改善音乐厅的声学性能并增强声音效果，墙壁并非笔直的，而是呈弧形。⭐️【acoustic properties = 声学性能】⭐️【amplify the sound = 放大／增强声音】
The acoustics are also adjustable according to the size of orchestra and the type of music being played. 音响效果还可以根据乐团规模以及演奏的音乐类型进行调整。⭐️【adjustable = 可调节的】⭐️【according to = 根据】
In order to achieve this, there are nine movable panels in the ceiling above the orchestra which are all individually motorized,and the walls also have curtains which can be opened or closed to change the acoustics. 为了实现这一点，乐团上方的天花板装有九块可移动面板，每一块都配有独立的电动装置，墙壁上也设有可以开合的帘幕，用来改变音响效果。 ⭐ ️【movable panel = 可移动面板】⭐️【individually motorized = 分别配有独立电动装置】
The reaction of the public to the new building has generally been positive. 公众对这座新建筑的反应总体上是积极的。⭐️【reaction to = 对……的反应】
However, the evaluation of some critics has been less enthusiastic. 然而，一些评论家的评价并没有那么热情。⭐️【however = 然而（话语功能：转折）】⭐️【less enthusiastic = 不那么热情；评价较为冷淡】
In spite of Harrison s efforts to use local materials, they criticise the style of the design as being international rather than local, 尽管Harrison努力使用当地材料，他们仍批评这座建筑的设计风格更具国际性，而非地方特色，⭐️【in spite of = 尽管（话语功能：让步）】⭐️【criticise something as being = 批评某事物是……】⭐️【rather than = 而不是（话语功能：对比选择）】
and say it doesn't reflect features of the landscape or society for which it is built. 并认为它没有体现其所在地的景观或社会特征。⭐️【reflect features of = 体现……的特征】