Hi. Great to see you! 你好，很高兴见到你们！⭐ Great to see you! —— 很高兴见到你！
I'm Jody, and I'll be looking after both of you for the first month you've working here at the Amersham Theatre. 我是Jody，在你们刚开始在Amersham Theatre工作的第一个月里，我会负责照顾和指导你们两个人。⭐ look after sb —— 照顾某人；负责某人｜for the first month —— 第一个月期间
I'll tell you something about the theatre now, then take you to meet two of the other staff. 我现在会向你们介绍一些剧院的信息，然后带你们去认识另外两位员工。⭐ tell sb something about... —— 告诉某人关于……的信息｜take sb to meet... —— 带某人去见……
It's an old building, and it's been modernised several times. 这是一座老建筑，而且已经经过多次现代化改造。⭐ be modernised —— 被现代化改造｜several times —— 多次
In fact, as you can see, we're carrying out a major refurbishment at the moment. 事实上，正如你们看到的，我们目前正在进行一次大型翻修。⭐ carry out —— 实施；进行｜major refurbishment —— 大规模翻修｜at the moment —— 目前
The interior has just been repainted, and we're about to start on the exterior of the building. 建筑内部刚刚重新粉刷完，我们即将开始处理建筑外部。⭐ interior —— 内部｜exterior —— 外部｜be about to do sth —— 即将做某事｜start on sth —— 开始处理某事
That'll be a big job. 那将是一项很大的工程。⭐ a big job —— 一项艰巨的工作
The work's running over budget, so we've had to postpone installing an elevator. 工程费用已经超出预算，所以我们不得不推迟安装电梯。⭐ run over budget —— 超出预算｜postpone doing sth —— 推迟做某事｜install an elevator —— 安装电梯
I hope you're happy running up and down stairs! 希望你们不介意上下楼梯！⭐ run up and down stairs —— 上上下下楼梯
When the theatre was built, people were generally slimmer and shorter than now, and the seats were very close together. 剧院建造时，人们通常比现在更瘦、更矮，而且座位之间距离很近。⭐ generally —— 通常｜close together —— 靠得很近
We've replaced them with larger seats, with more legroom. 我们已经把它们换成了更大的座椅，腿部空间也更大。⭐ replace A with B —— 用B替代A｜legroom —— 腿部空间
This means fewer seats in total but we've taken the opportunity to install seats that can easily be moved, to create different acting spaces. 这意味着总座位数量减少了，但我们利用这个机会安装了可以轻松移动的座椅，以创造不同的表演空间。⭐ in total —— 总共｜take the opportunity to do sth —— 利用机会做某事｜acting spaces —— 表演空间
We've also turned a few storerooms over to other purposes, like using them for meetings. 我们还把几个储藏室改作其他用途，比如用于会议。⭐ turn sth over to sth —— 将某物转作某用途｜storeroom —— 储藏室｜for other purposes —— 用于其他目的
We try hard to involve members of the public in the theatre. 我们努力让公众参与剧院活动。⭐ try hard to do sth —— 努力做某事｜involve sb in sth —— 让某人参与某事｜members of the public —— 公众成员
One way is by organising backstage tours, so people can be shown round the building and learn how a theatre operates. 其中一种是组织后台参观，让人们可以参观整个建筑，并了解剧院如何运作。⭐ backstage tour —— 后台参观｜show sb round —— 带某人参观｜operate —— 运作
These are proving very popular. 这些活动证明非常受欢迎。⭐ prove popular —— 证明受欢迎
What we're finding is that people want to have lunch or a cup of coffee while they're here, so we're looking into the possibility of opening a cafe in due course. 我们发现，人们希望在这里的时候吃午饭或喝杯咖啡，所以我们正在考虑未来开一家咖啡馆的可能性。⭐ look into —— 调查；考虑｜the possibility of doing sth —— 做某事的可能性｜in due course —— 适当时候；未来某时
We have a bookshop, which specialises in books about drama, and that attracts plenty of customers. 我们有一家书店，专门销售戏剧相关书籍，吸引了很多顾客。⭐ specialise in —— 专门从事；专营｜attract customers —— 吸引顾客
Then there are two large rooms that will be decorated next month, and they'll be available for hire, for conferences and private functions, such as parties. 另外还有两个大型房间将在下个月装修完成，之后可以出租用于会议和私人活动，比如派对。⭐ be available for hire —— 可出租｜conference —— 会议｜private function —— 私人活动
We're also considering hiring out costumes to amateur drama clubs. 我们也在考虑向业余戏剧俱乐部出租服装。⭐ consider doing sth —— 考虑做某事｜hire out —— 出租｜amateur drama club —— 业余戏剧俱乐部
Now I want to tell you about our workshops. 现在我想告诉你们一些关于我们工作坊的信息。⭐ workshop —— 工作坊；培训课程
We recently started a programme of workshops that anyone can join. 我们最近开始了一系列任何人都可以参加的工作坊。⭐ a programme of... —— 一系列……｜anyone can join —— 任何人都可以参加
Eventually we intend to run courses in acting, but we're waiting until we've got the right people in place as trainers. 最终我们计划开设表演课程，但我们正在等待找到合适的培训老师。⭐ eventually —— 最终｜intend to do sth —— 打算做某事｜have sb in place —— 找好并安排好某人
That's proving more difficult than we'd expected! 事实证明这比我们预期的更困难。⭐ prove difficult —— 证明困难｜than expected —— 比预期
There's a big demand to learn about the technical side of putting on a production, and our lighting workshop has already started, with great success. 人们对于学习制作演出的技术方面有很大需求，而我们的灯光工作坊已经开始，并且非常成功。⭐ a big demand for... —— 对……有很大需求｜technical side —— 技术方面｜put on a production —— 制作/上演演出
We've going to start one on sound next month. 我们下个月将开始声音方面的工作坊。⭐ start one on... —— 开设一个关于……的课程
A number of people have enquired about workshops on make-up, and that's something we're considering for the future. 很多人询问过化妆工作坊，这也是我们未来正在考虑的事情。⭐ a number of... —— 许多……｜enquire about... —— 询问……｜for the future —— 未来
A surprise success is the workshop on making puppets. 一个意外成功的是木偶制作工作坊。⭐ a surprise success —— 意外的成功
We happen to have someone working here who does it as a hobby, and she offered to run a workshop. 我们碰巧有一位员工把这个作为爱好，她主动提出举办一个工作坊。⭐ happen to do sth —— 碰巧做某事｜as a hobby —— 作为爱好｜offer to do sth —— 主动提出做某事
It was so popular we've now running them every month! 它非常受欢迎，所以我们现在每个月都会举办。⭐ so...that... —— 如此……以至于……
Now, a word about the layout of the building. 现在介绍一下建筑布局。⭐ layout of... —— ……的布局
The auditorium, stage and dressing rooms for the actors are all below ground level. 观众厅、舞台以及演员更衣室都位于地下。⭐ auditorium —— 观众厅｜dressing room —— 更衣室｜below ground level —— 低于地面
Here on the ground floor we have most of the rooms that the public doesn't see. 这里的一楼主要是公众看不到的房间。⭐ ground floor —— 一楼｜the public doesn't see —— 公众看不到的
The majority are internal, so they have windows in the roof to light them. 大多数房间位于建筑内部，所以通过屋顶窗户获得光线。⭐ the majority —— 大多数｜internal —— 内部的｜light a room —— 给房间提供照明
Standing here in the foyer, you're probably wondering why the box office isn't here, where the public would expect to find it. 站在大厅这里，你们可能会疑惑为什么售票处不在这里，而公众通常会认为它应该在这里。⭐ foyer —— 门厅；大厅｜wonder why... —— 想知道为什么……｜expect to find... —— 预期找到……
Well, you might have noticed it on your way in. Although it's part of this building, it's next door with a separate entrance from the road. 你们进来的时候可能也注意到了。 虽然它属于这栋建筑的一部分，但它在隔壁，有一个面向道路的独立入口。 ⭐ next door —— 隔壁｜separate entrance —— 独立入口
For the theatre manager's office, you go across the foyer and through the double doors, turn right, and it's the room at the end of the corridor, with the door on the left. 去剧院经理办公室，你需要穿过大厅和双扇门，右转，它就在走廊尽头，门在左侧。⭐ go across —— 穿过｜double doors —— 双扇门｜at the end of the corridor —— 走廊尽头
The lighting box is where the computerised stage lighting is operated, and it's at the back of the building. 灯光控制室是操作电脑化舞台灯光的地方，它位于建筑后方。⭐ lighting box —— 灯光控制室｜operate —— 操作｜at the back of... —— 在……后方
When you're through the double doors, turn left, turn right at the water cooler and right again at the end. 穿过双扇门后左转，在饮水机处右转，然后到尽头再次右转。⭐ through the door —— 穿过门｜water cooler —— 饮水机
It's the second room along that corridor. 它是那条走廊上的第二个房间。⭐ the second room along... —— 沿着……数第二个房间
The lighting box has a window into the auditorium, which of course is below us. 灯光控制室有一扇可以看到观众厅的窗户，而观众厅当然是在我们脚下（地下）。 ⭐ have a window into sth —— 有一扇可以看到……的窗户；通向/朝向……的窗户


auditorium —— 观众厅；礼堂
The artistic director's office is through the double doors, turn right, and it's the first room you come to on the right-hand side. 艺术总监办公室在穿过双门后右转，第一个遇到的右侧房间就是。⭐ artistic director —— 艺术总监｜the first room you come to —— 第一个遇到的房间
And finally, for the moment, the room where I'll take you next — the relaxation room. 最后，目前我要带你们去的房间——休息室。⭐ for the moment —— 目前｜take sb next —— 接下来带某人去……