Good morning, and welcome to the museum - one with a remarkable range of exhibits, which I'm sure you'll enjoy. 早上好，欢迎来到博物馆——这里有种类非常丰富的展品，我相信你们一定会喜欢。⭐ a remarkable range of sth —— 非常丰富的某物种类｜exhibit —— 展品
My name's Greg, and I'll tell you about the various collections as we go round. 我叫Greg，在我们参观的过程中，我会向你们介绍各种收藏品。⭐ various —— 各种各样的｜collection —— 收藏品；收藏
But before we go, let me just give you a taste of what we have here. 不过在开始之前，我先简单介绍一下这里的一些内容。⭐ give sb a taste of sth —— 让某人初步了解某事物
Well, for one thing, we have a fine collection of twentieth and twenty-first century paintings, many by very well-known artists. 首先，我们收藏了大量优秀的二十世纪和二十一世纪绘画作品，其中许多作品出自非常著名的艺术家之手。⭐ for one thing —— 首先；一方面｜a fine collection of sth —— 优秀的大量收藏｜well-known artist —— 著名艺术家
I'm sure you'll recognise several of the paintings. 我相信你们会认出其中几幅画。⭐ recognise —— 认出；识别
This is the gallery that attracts the largest number of visitors, so it's best to go in early in the day, before the crowds arrive. 这是吸引游客数量最多的展厅，所以最好在一天早些时候参观，在人群到来之前进去。⭐ attract visitors —— 吸引游客｜the largest number of... —— 数量最多的……｜before the crowds arrive —— 在人群到来之前
Then there are the nineteenth-century paintings. 然后还有十九世纪的绘画作品。⭐ nineteenth-century —— 十九世纪的
The museum was opened in the middle of that century, and several of the artists each donated one work - to get the museum started, as it were. 博物馆在那个世纪中叶开放，当时几位艺术家各自捐赠了一件作品——可以说是为了帮助博物馆开始运营。⭐ donate —— 捐赠｜get sth started —— 使某事开始运行｜as it were —— 可以说；某种程度上
So they're of special interest to us - we feel closer to them than to other works. 所以这些作品对我们来说特别有意义——相比其他作品，我们感觉与它们更加亲近。⭐ be of special interest to sb —— 对某人特别有吸引力/意义｜feel closer to —— 感觉与……更亲近
The sculpture gallery has a number of fine exhibits, but I'm afraid it's currently closed for refurbishment. 雕塑展厅有许多优秀展品，但很遗憾，目前正在关闭进行翻修。⭐ a number of —— 许多｜sculpture gallery —— 雕塑展厅｜closed for refurbishment —— 因翻修关闭
You'll need to come back next year to see it properly, but a number of the sculptures have been moved to other parts of the museum. 你们需要明年回来才能完整参观那里，不过一些雕塑已经被移到了博物馆其他区域。⭐ come back —— 回来｜see sth properly —— 完整参观/充分了解某物｜move sth to... —— 将某物移动到……
'Around the world' is a temporary exhibition - you've probably seen something about it on TV or in the newspapers.&nbsp; "环游世界"是一个临时展览——你们可能已经在电视或报纸上看到过相关信息。 ⭐ temporary exhibition —— 临时展览｜see something about... —— 看到关于……的信息
It's created a great deal of interest, because it presents objects from every continent and many countries, 它引起了很大的兴趣，因为它展示了来自每个大陆以及许多国家的物品。⭐ create interest —— 引起兴趣｜present objects —— 展示物品｜continent —— 大洲
and provides information about their social context - why they were made, who for, and so on. 并且提供关于这些物品社会背景的信息——比如为什么制作、为谁制作等等。⭐ provide information about —— 提供关于……的信息｜social context —— 社会背景｜and so on —— 等等
Then there's the collection of coins. 然后还有硬币收藏。⭐ collection of coins —— 硬币收藏
This is what you might call a focused, specialist collection, because all the coins come from this country, and were produced between two thousand and a thousand years ago. 这可以称为一种集中型专业收藏，因为所有硬币都来自这个国家，并且是在一千到两千年前制造的。⭐ what you might call... —— 可以称为……｜focused collection —— 专门性的收藏｜specialist collection —— 专业收藏
And many of them were discovered by ordinary people digging their gardens, and donated to the museum! 其中很多硬币都是普通人在挖掘自家花园时发现，然后捐赠给博物馆的！⭐ ordinary people —— 普通人｜dig one's garden —— 挖掘花园土地｜donate to —— 捐赠给
All our porcelain and glass was left to the museum by its founder, when he died in 1878. 我们所有的瓷器和玻璃收藏品都是博物馆创始人在1878年去世时遗赠给博物馆的。⭐ porcelain —— 瓷器｜be left to sb —— 被遗赠给某人｜founder —— 创始人
And in the terms of his will, we're not allowed to add anything to that collection: he believed it was perfect in itself, and we don't see any reason to disagree! 根据他的遗嘱条款，我们不允许向该收藏增加任何东西：他认为这个收藏本身已经完美，而我们也没有理由不同意！⭐ in the terms of... —— 根据……条款｜will —— 遗嘱｜be allowed to do sth —— 被允许做某事｜perfect in itself —— 本身完美
OK, that was something about the collections, and now here's some more practical information, in case you need it. 好了，以上是关于收藏品的一些介绍，现在给大家一些实用信息，以防你们需要。⭐ practical information —— 实用信息｜in case —— 以防；如果
Most of the museum facilities are downstairs, in the basement, so you go down the stairs here. 博物馆的大部分设施都在楼下的地下室，所以你们需要从这里下楼梯。⭐ facility —— 设施｜downstairs —— 楼下｜basement —— 地下室
When you reach the bottom of the stairs, you'll find yourself in a sitting area, 当你们到达楼梯底部时，会看到一个休息区域。⭐ reach the bottom of... —— 到达……底部｜find yourself in... —— 发现自己处于……
with comfortable chairs and sofas where you can have a rest before continuing your exploration of the museum. 那里有舒适的椅子和沙发，你们可以在继续探索博物馆之前休息一下。⭐ have a rest —— 休息｜continue one's exploration of... —— 继续探索……
We have a very good restaurant, which serves excellent food all day, in a relaxing atmosphere. 我们有一家很好的餐厅，全天供应美食，环境也很放松。⭐ serve food —— 提供食物｜relaxing atmosphere —— 放松的氛围
To reach it, when you get to the bottom of the stairs, go straight ahead to the far side of the sitting area, then turn right into the corridor. 要到达餐厅，下楼梯后，直接走到休息区另一侧，然后右转进入走廊。⭐ go straight ahead —— 直走｜far side of... —— ……另一侧｜turn right into... —— 右转进入……
You'll see the door of the restaurant facing you. 你会看到餐厅的门正对着你。⭐ face sb —— 面向某人
If you just want a snack, or if you'd like to eat somewhere with facilities for children, we also have a cafe. 如果你只是想吃点小吃，或者想去一个有儿童设施的地方吃饭，我们也有咖啡馆。⭐ have a snack —— 吃点心｜facilities for children —— 儿童设施
When you reach the bottom of the stairs, you'll need to go straight ahead, turn right into the corridor, and the cafe is immediately on the right. 到达楼梯底部后，你需要直走，右转进入走廊，咖啡馆就在右手边。⭐ immediately on the right —— 就在右侧
And talking about children, there are baby-changing facilities downstairs: 说到孩子，楼下还有婴儿换尿布设施。⭐ baby-changing facilities —— 婴儿护理设施
Cross the sitting area, continue straight ahead along the corridor on the left, and you and your baby will find the facilities on the left-hand side. 穿过休息区，沿左侧走廊一直向前，你和宝宝会在左手边找到这些设施。⭐ cross the area —— 穿过区域｜along the corridor —— 沿着走廊｜left-hand side —— 左侧
The cloakroom, where you should leave coats, umbrellas and any large bags, is on the left hand side of the sitting area. 衣帽间在休息区左侧，你应该把外套、雨伞以及大包放在那里。⭐ cloakroom —— 衣帽间｜leave sth somewhere —— 把某物放在某处
It's through the last door before you come to the corridor. 它就在到达走廊之前的最后一扇门里面。⭐ through the door —— 经过门进入
There are toilets on every floor, but in the basement they're the first rooms on the left when you get down there. 每层都有厕所，不过在地下室，它们是你下去后左侧的第一个房间。⭐ on every floor —— 每一层｜the first room on the left —— 左侧第一个房间
OK, now if you've got anything to leave in the cloakroom, please do that now, and then we'll start our tour. 好了，如果你们有东西需要寄存在衣帽间，请现在去办理，然后我们开始参观。⭐ leave something in the cloakroom —— 把东西寄存在衣帽间｜start our tour —— 开始参观