As we saw in the last lecture, a major cause of climate change is the rapid rise in the level of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere over the last century. 正如上一讲所述，气候变化的一个主要原因是过去一个世纪中大气里的二氧化碳浓度迅速上升。⭐️【a major cause of = ……的主要原因】⭐️【carbon dioxide level = 二氧化碳浓度】
If we could reduce the amount of CO2, perhaps the rate of climate change could also be slowed down. 如果我们能够减少二氧化碳的含量，气候变化的速度或许也能随之放缓。⭐️【the rate of climate change = 气候变化的速度】⭐️【slow something down = 使……放缓】
One potential method involves enhancing the role of the soil that plants grow in, with regard to absorbing CO2. 一种可能的方法是增强植物生长所依赖的土壤在吸收二氧化碳方面所发挥的作用。⭐️【with regard to = 关于；在……方面（话语功能：限定讨论范围）】
Rattan Lal , a soil scientist from Ohio State University, in the USA, claims that the world's agricultural soils could potentially absorb 13 percent of the carbon dioxide in the atmosphere - the equivalent of the amount released in the last 30 years. 美国俄亥俄州立大学的土壤科学家Rattan Lal声称，全球农业土壤有可能吸收大气中13%的二氧化碳——相当于过去30年排放的总量。 ⭐ ️【agricultural soil = 农业土壤】⭐️【the equivalent of = 相当于……的事物】
And research is going on into how this might be achieved. 有关如何实现这一目标的研究正在进行。⭐️【research is going on into = 针对……的研究正在进行】
Lal first came to the idea that soil might be valuable in this way not through an interest in climate change, but rather out of concern for the land itself and the people dependent on it.&nbsp; Lal&nbsp;最初想到土壤可能具有这种价值，并不是因为他对气候变化感兴趣，而是出于对土地本身以及依赖土地生活的人们的担忧。 ⭐ ️【come to the idea that = 逐渐产生……的想法】⭐️【not ... but rather ... = 不是……而是……（话语功能：对比纠正）】⭐️【out of concern for = 出于对……的担忧】⭐️【be dependent on = 依赖……】
Carbon-rich soil is dark, crumbly and fertile, and retains some water. 富含碳的土壤颜色较深、质地松散而且肥沃，还能保留一部分水分。⭐️【carbon-rich = 富含碳的】⭐️【crumbly = 松散易碎的】⭐️【retain water = 保持／留存水分】
But erosion can occur if soil is dry, which is a likely effect if it contains inadequate amounts of carbon. 但如果土壤干燥，就可能发生侵蚀，而碳含量不足很可能会导致土壤干燥。⭐️【soil erosion = 土壤侵蚀】⭐️【inadequate amounts of = 数量不足的……】
Erosion is of course bad for people trying to grow crops or breed animals on that terrain. 土壤侵蚀当然会对试图在这片土地上种植作物或饲养动物的人造成不利影响。⭐️【breed animals = 饲养／繁育动物】⭐️【terrain = 地形；土地】
In the 1970s and '80s, Lai was studying soils in Africa so devoid of organic matter that the around had become extremely hard, like cement.&nbsp; 20世纪70至80年代，Lai曾研究非洲的土壤；那里的土壤极度缺乏有机质，以至于地面变得像水泥一样坚硬。 ⭐ ️【be devoid of = 完全缺乏……】⭐️【organic matter = 有机质】
There he met a pioneer in the study of global warming, who suggested that carbon from the soil had moved into the atmosphere. 在那里，他遇到了一位全球变暖研究的先驱；这位研究者提出，土壤中的碳已经转移到了大气中。⭐️【a pioneer in = ……领域的先驱】
This is now looking increasingly likely. 现在看来，这种推测越来越有可能是正确的。⭐️【increasingly likely = 越来越有可能】
Let me explain. 让我来解释一下。
For millions of years, carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere have been regulated, in part, by a natural partnership between plants and microbes - tiny organisms in the soil. 数百万年来，大气中的二氧化碳浓度在一定程度上一直受到植物与微生物之间天然协作关系的调节——微生物是土壤中的微小生物体。⭐️【in part = 在一定程度上】⭐️【a natural partnership between = ……之间的天然协作关系】⭐️【microbe = 微生物】
Plants absorb CO2 from the air and transform it into sugars and other carbon-based substances. 植物从空气中吸收二氧化碳，并将其转化为糖类及其他碳基物质。⭐️【transform something into = 将……转化为……】⭐️【carbon-based substance = 碳基物质】
While a proportion of these carbon products remain in the plant, some transfer from the roots to fungi and soil microbes, which store the carbon in the soil. 虽然这些含碳产物有一部分留在植物体内，但另一些会从植物根部转移到真菌和土壤微生物中，由它们把碳储存在土壤里。⭐️【a proportion of = 一部分……】⭐️【fungi = 真菌】⭐️【store carbon in the soil = 将碳储存在土壤中】
The invention of agriculture some 10,000 years ago disrupted these ancient soil-building processes and led to the loss of carbon from the soil. 大约一万年前农业的出现打乱了这些古老的土壤形成过程，导致土壤中的碳流失。⭐️【disrupt a process = 扰乱一个过程】⭐️【soil-building process = 土壤形成过程】⭐️【lead to the loss of = 导致……流失】
When humans started draining the natural topsoil, and ploughing it up for planting, they exposed the buried carbon to oxygen. 当人类开始排干天然表土中的水分并翻耕土地进行种植时，他们使原本埋藏的碳暴露在氧气中。⭐️【topsoil = 表土】⭐️【plough something up = 翻耕土地】⭐️【expose something to = 使……暴露于……】
This created carbon dioxide and released it into the air. 这会生成二氧化碳，并将其释放到空气中。
And in some places, grazing by domesticated animals has removed all vegetation, releasing carbon into the air. 在一些地区，家养动物的放牧活动已经使所有植被消失，并将碳释放到空气中。⭐️【grazing = 放牧】⭐️【domesticated animal = 家养动物】⭐️【vegetation = 植被】
Tons of carbon have been stripped from the world's soils - where it's needed - and pumped into the atmosphere. 大量的碳已经从世界各地本来需要它的土壤中被剥离，并被排放到大气中。⭐️【strip something from = 从……中剥离／夺走某物】⭐️【pump something into = 将……大量排入……】
So what can be done? 那么，我们能采取什么措施呢？
Researchers are now coming up with evidence that even modest changes to farming can significantly help to reduce the amount of carbon in the atmosphere. 研究人员现在不断提出证据，表明即使只是对农业生产方式作出适度改变，也能显著减少大气中的碳含量。⭐️【come up with evidence = 提出证据】⭐️【modest change = 幅度不大的改变】
Some growers have already started using an approach known as regenerative agriculture. 一些种植者已经开始采用一种被称为“再生农业”的方法。⭐️【regenerative agriculture = 再生农业】
This aims to boost the fertility of soil and keep it moist through established practices. 这种方法旨在利用一些成熟的做法提高土壤肥力，并保持土壤湿润。⭐️【boost soil fertility = 提高土壤肥力】⭐️【established practice = 成熟的／沿用已久的做法】
These include keeping fields planted all year round, and increasing the variety of plants being grown. 这些做法包括全年保持田地有作物覆盖，以及增加种植植物的种类。⭐️【all year round = 全年】
Strategies like these can significantly increase the amount of carbon stored in the soil, so agricultural researchers are now building a case for their use in combating climate change. 此类策略可以显著增加土壤的碳储量，因此农业研究人员目前正在收集论据，证明应采用这些策略来应对气候变化。⭐️【build a case for = 收集论据支持；证明……有充分理由】⭐️【combat climate change = 应对气候变化】
One American investigation into the potential for storing CO2 on agricultural lands is taking place in California. 美国一项研究农业用地储存二氧化碳潜力的调查正在加利福尼亚州开展。⭐️【the potential for doing = 做……的潜力】⭐️【agricultural land = 农业用地】
Soil scientist Whendee Silver of the University of California, Berkeley, is conducting a first-of-its-kind study on a large cattle farm in the state. 加州大学伯克利分校的土壤科学家Whendee Silver正在该州一座大型养牛场开展一项首创性研究。⭐️【conduct a study = 开展研究】⭐️【first-of-its-kind = 首创的；同类中的第一个】
She and her students are testing the effects on carbon storage of the compost that is created from waste - both agricultural, including manure and cornstalks, and waste produced in gardens, such as leaves, branches, and lawn trimmings. 她和学生们正在测试由废弃物制成的堆肥对碳储存的影响；这些废弃物既包括粪肥和玉米秆等农业废弃物，也包括树叶、树枝和修剪下来的草屑等园林废弃物。 ⭐ ️【carbon storage = 碳储存】⭐️【compost = 堆肥】⭐️【manure = 粪肥】⭐️【cornstalk = 玉米秆】⭐️【lawn trimmings = 修剪下来的草屑】
In Australia, soil ecologist Christine Jones is testing another promising soil-enrichment strategy. 在澳大利亚，土壤生态学家Christine Jones正在测试另一种很有前景的土壤改良策略。⭐️【soil ecologist = 土壤生态学家】⭐️【promising = 有前景的】⭐️【soil-enrichment strategy = 土壤改良策略】
Jones and 12 farmers are working to build up soil carbon by cultivating grasses that stay green all year round. &nbsp;Jones与12名农民正通过种植全年常绿的草类来增加土壤中的碳含量。 ⭐ ️【build up = 逐步增加】⭐️【cultivate = 种植；培育】
Like composting, the approach has already been proved experimentally; Jones now hopes to show that it can be applied on working farms and that the resulting carbon capture can be accurately measured. 与堆肥一样，这种方法已通过实验证实有效；Jones现在希望证明，它可以应用于实际运营的农场，并且由此产生的碳捕获量可以得到准确测量。⭐️【be proved experimentally = 经实验证实】⭐️【working farm = 实际运营的农场】⭐️【carbon capture = 碳捕获】
It's hoped in the future that projects such as these will demonstrate the role that farmers and other land managers can play in reducing the harmful effects of greenhouse gases. 人们希望未来此类项目能够证明，农民及其他土地管理者可以在减轻温室气体危害方面发挥作用。⭐️【demonstrate the role that ... can play = 证明……可以发挥的作用】⭐️【greenhouse gas = 温室气体】
For example, in countries like the United States, where most farming operations use large applications of fertiliser, changing such long-standing habits will require a change of system. 例如，在美国等大多数农业生产都大量使用化肥的国家，改变这种长期形成的习惯需要进行制度层面的改革。⭐️【farming operation = 农业生产活动】⭐️【application of fertiliser = 化肥的施用】⭐️【long-standing habit = 长期形成的习惯】
Rattan Lal argues that farmers should receive payment not just for the corn or beef they produce, but also for the carbon they can store in their soil.&nbsp; Rattan Lal主张，农民获得报酬不应只因为他们生产了玉米或牛肉，也应因为他们能够把碳储存在土壤中。 ⭐ ️【not just ... but also ... = 不仅……而且……（话语功能：递进）】⭐️【receive payment for = 因……获得报酬】
Another study being carried out ... 另一项正在开展的研究……