Good morning everyone. My name’s Joy Parkins and I’m the restaurant manager. 大家早上好，我叫Joy Parkins，是这家餐厅的经理。
And I understand that none of you’ve had any previous experience as kitchen assistants. 我知道大家之前都没有做过厨房助理的经验。
Well, you might be feeling a bit nervous now, but most of our kitchen assistants say they enjoy the work. 你们现在可能有点紧张，不过大多数厨房助理都表示很喜欢这份工作。
OK, they might get shouted at sometimes, but it’s nothing personal, and they’re pleased that they have so many different things to do, which means they never get bored. 当然，有时候难免会被训几句，但那并不是针对个人。而且工作内容很多样，所以基本不会觉得无聊。
And I’ll tell you straightaway that if you do well, we might think about moving you up and giving you some more responsibility. 我先告诉大家，如果表现出色，我们会考虑给你们晋升，并安排更多职责。
Right, well, you’ve all shown up on time, which is an excellent start. 很好，大家今天都准时到了，这是一个相当不错的开始。
Now I’m glad to see none of you have unsuitable footwear, so that’s good - you need to be careful as the floors can get very wet and slippery. 我很高兴看到大家都穿了合适的鞋。不过还是要注意，厨房地面经常会又湿又滑。
Those of you with long hair have got it well out of the way, but some of you’ll need to remove your rings and bracelets - just put them somewhere safe for today, and remember to leave them at home tomorrow, as they can be a safety hazard. 留长发的同事都已经把头发扎好了。不过有些人还需要把戒指和手镯摘下来，今天先放在安全的地方保管。明天记得直接放在家里，因为这些饰品可能带来安全隐患。
Now it’s going to be a busy day for you all today - we don’t have any tables free for this evening, and only a few for lunch. 今天大家会比较忙，因为晚餐时段已经没有空桌了，午餐时段也只剩下少量座位。
Fortunately we’ve got our Head Chef back - he was away on holiday all last week which meant the other chefs had extra work. 幸运的是，我们的主厨已经回来了。他上周一直在休假，所以其他厨师这段时间都承担了额外的工作。
Now, I’ll tell you a bit more about the job in a minute but first, some general regulations. 接下来我会详细介绍一下工作内容，不过先来说几条基本规定。
For all of you, whatever your age, there’s some equipment you mustn’t use until you’ve been properly trained, like the waste disposal system for example, for health and safety reasons. 无论年龄大小，在接受正式培训之前，有些设备大家都不能使用。比如垃圾处理系统，主要是出于卫生和安全方面的考虑。
Then I think there are two of you here who are under 18 - that’s Emma and Jake, isn’t it? 我记得这里有两位还未满18岁，是Emma和Jake，对吗？
Right. so for you two, the meat slicer is out of bounds. 好的，那么你们两位不能使用切肉机。
And of course none of you are allowed to use the electric mixer until you’ve been shown how it works. 当然，在学习并掌握电动搅拌机的操作方法之前，任何人都不得使用它。
Now you may have heard that this can be a stressful job, and I have to say that can be true. 现在你可能已经听说过，这份工作有时压力会很大，而我得说，这确实是真的。⭐ stressful job = 压力很大的工作｜I have to say = 我得说；不得不说
You'll be working an eight-hour day for the first week, though you'll have the chance to do overtime after that as well if you want to. 第一周你每天要工作八小时，不过之后如果你愿意，也会有机会加班。 ⭐ an eight-hour day = 八小时工作日｜do overtime = 加班
But however long the hours are, you'll get a break in the middle. 不过无论工作时间有多长，中间你都会有休息时间。⭐ however long = 无论多长｜get a break = 获得休息时间
What you will find is that you're on your feet all day long, lifting and carrying, so if you're not fit now you soon will be! 你会发现，自己一整天都要站着，还要不停地搬抬东西，所以如果你现在体能还不太好，很快也会变好了！⭐ be on your feet = 一直站着；长时间走动工作｜all day long = 一整天｜fit = 身体健康的；体能好的
You'll find you don't have much chance to take it easy - when someone tells you to do something you need to do it straightaway&nbsp; 你会发现，这份工作基本没有多少机会让你悠着来——别人一让你做什么，你就得马上去做 ⭐ take it easy = 放轻松；悠着来｜straightaway = 立刻；马上
- but at least we do have a very efficient air conditioning system compared with some kitchens. ——不过至少和一些厨房相比，我们这里确实有一套非常高效的空调系统。 ⭐ compared with = 与……相比
Now let me tell you about some of the people you need to know. 现在我来给你介绍几位你需要认识的人。
So as I said, I'm Joy Parkins and I decide who does what during the day and how long they work for. 就像我刚才说的，我叫 Joy Parkins，我负责决定每天谁做什么工作，以及每个人工作多长时间。⭐ who does what = 谁负责做什么｜how long they work for = 他们工作多长时间
I'll be trying to get you to work with as many different people in the kitchen as possible, so that you learn while you're on the job. 我会尽量安排你和厨房里尽可能多的不同员工一起工作，这样你就可以在实际工作过程中学习。⭐ get somebody to do something = 让某人做某事｜as many ... as possible = 尽可能多的……｜on the job = 在实际工作中；在岗工作时
One person whose name you must remember is David Field. 有一个人的名字你一定要记住，那就是 David Field。
If you injure yourself at all, even if it's really minor, you must report to him and he'll make sure the incident is recorded and you get the appropriate treatment. 如果你有任何受伤的情况，哪怕只是非常轻微的伤，也必须向他报告；他会确保把事故记录下来，并让你得到适当的治疗。⭐ injure yourself = 使自己受伤｜at all = 任何程度；哪怕一点｜minor = 轻微的｜report to = 向……报告｜appropriate treatment = 适当的治疗
He's trained to give basic treatment to staff himself, or he'll send you off somewhere else if necessary. 他受过培训，可以亲自为员工进行基本处理；如果有必要，他也会把你送到其他地方接受治疗。⭐ be trained to do = 受过训练，可以做……｜send somebody off = 把某人送往别处｜if necessary = 如有必要
Then there's Dexter Wills - he's the person you need to see if you smash a plate or something like that. 然后是 Dexter Wills——如果你打碎了盘子之类的东西，就需要去找他。⭐ smash = 打碎；砸碎｜something like that = 诸如此类的东西
Don't just leave it and hope no one will notice - it's really important to get things noted and replaced or there could be problems later. 不要把它扔在那里，然后指望没人注意到——把这些情况登记下来并把损坏的东西更换掉非常重要，否则之后可能会出现问题。⭐ leave it = 放着不管｜get something noted = 让某事被记录下来｜get something replaced = 让某物得到更换
And finally, there's Mike Smith. 最后，还有 Mike Smith。
He's the member of staff who takes care of all the stores of perishables, so if you notice we're getting low in flour or sugar or something, make sure you let him know so he can put in an order. 他是负责管理所有易腐食品库存的员工，所以如果你发现面粉、糖之类的东西快用完了，一定要告诉他，这样他就可以下订单补货。⭐ take care of = 负责；管理｜stores = 库存；储备｜perishables = 易腐食品｜get low in = ……的存量开始不足｜put in an order = 下订单
OK, now the next thing ... 好，接下来要说的是……