TC EMPLOYEE: Hi. Can I help you? 旅游中心工作人员：你好。有什么可以帮您的吗？
VISITOR: I'd like to find out if you have any excursions suitable for families. 游客：我想了解一下，你们是否有适合家庭参加的短途游览活动。⭐️【find out if = 了解／查询是否……】⭐️【excursion = 短途游览；一日游】⭐️【be suitable for = 适合……】
TC EMPLOYEE: Sure. 旅游中心工作人员：当然有。
How about taking your family for a cruise? 带家人乘船游览怎么样？⭐️【how about doing = 做……怎么样（话语功能：提出建议）】⭐️【cruise = 乘船游览；游船行程】
We have a steamship that takes passengers out several times a day - it's over 100 years old. 我们有一艘蒸汽船，每天载客出航好几次；它已经有一百多年的历史了。⭐️【steamship = 蒸汽船】⭐️【take passengers out = 载乘客出航】
VISITOR: That sounds interesting. How long is the trip? 游客：听起来很有意思。 行程多长时间？
TC EMPLOYEE: About an hour and a half. 旅游中心工作人员：大约一个半小时。
And don't forget to take pictures of the mountains. 别忘了拍摄群山的照片。
They're all around you when you're on the boat and they look fantastic. 乘船时，群山环绕在你们四周，看起来非常壮观。
VISITOR: OK. And I assume there's a cafe or something on board? 游客：好的。 我想船上应该有咖啡馆之类的设施吧？ ⭐ ️【I assume = 我想；我推测】⭐️【on board = 在船上】
TC EMPLOYEE: Sure. How old are your children? 旅游中心工作人员：当然有。 您的孩子多大了？
VISITOR: Er, my daughter's fifteen and my son's seven. 游客：呃，我女儿15岁，儿子7岁。
TC EMPLOYEE: Right. 旅游中心工作人员：好的。
Well there are various things you can do once you've crossed the lake, to make a day of it. 到达湖对岸后，有很多活动可以参加，可以在那里好好玩上一整天。⭐️【make a day of it = 把一项活动安排成一整天，好好玩上一天】
One thing that's very popular is a visit to the Country Farm. 其中一个很受欢迎的项目是参观乡村农场。
You're met off the boat by the farmer and he'll take you to the holding pens, where the sheep are kept. 下船时，农场主会来接你们，然后带你们前往饲养绵羊的圈栏。⭐️【meet someone off the boat = 在某人下船时迎接】⭐️【holding pen = 暂时圈养动物的围栏】
Children love feeding them! 孩子们很喜欢给绵羊喂食！
VISITOR: My son would love that. 游客：我儿子一定会很喜欢。
He really likes animals. 他非常喜欢动物。
TC EMPLOYEE: Well, there's also a 40-minute trek round the farm on a horse, if he wants. 旅游中心工作人员：如果他愿意，还可以骑马绕农场游览40分钟。⭐️【trek = 长距离行走／骑行；这里指骑马游览】
VISITOR: Do you think he'd manage it? 游客：你觉得他能应付得来吗？⭐️【manage something = 成功应付／完成某事】
He hasn't done that before. 他以前从未骑过马。
TC EMPLOYEE: Sure. 旅游中心工作人员：当然可以。
It's suitable for complete beginners. 这个项目适合毫无经验的初学者。⭐️【complete beginner = 完全没有经验的初学者】
VISITOR: Ah, good. 游客：啊，那很好。
TC EMPLOYEE: And again, visitors are welcome to explore the farm on their own, as long as they take care to close gates and so on. 旅游中心工作人员：游客也可以自行探索农场，只要注意随手关好围栏门等即可。⭐️【on your own = 自行；独自】⭐️【as long as = 只要（话语功能：条件）】⭐️【take care to do = 注意／务必做……】
There are some very beautiful gardens along the side of the lake which also belong to the farm - they'll be just at their best now. 湖边还有几座非常漂亮的花园，也属于这座农场；现在正是它们景色最美的时候。⭐️【along the side of = 沿着……的一侧】⭐️【be at your best = 处于最佳状态；这里指景色最美】
You could easily spend an hour or two there. 你们很容易就能在那里游览一两个小时。
VISITOR: OK. 游客：好的。
Well that all sounds good. 这些活动听起来都很好。
And can we get lunch there?&nbsp; —TC EMPLOYEE: You can, and it's very good, though it's not included in the basic cost. &nbsp;我们能在那里吃午餐吗？&nbsp; &nbsp;—旅游中心工作人员：可以，而且午餐很不错，不过费用不包含在基础价格中。 ⭐ ️【be included in the basic cost = 包含在基础费用中】⭐️【though = 不过（话语功能：补充限制条件）】
You pay when you get there. 到达之后再付费。
VISITOR: Right. 游客：明白了。
VISITOR: So is there anything else to do over on that side of the lake? 游客：那么，湖的那一边还有其他活动吗？⭐️【over on that side = 在那一边】
TC EMPLOYEE: Well, what you can do is take a bike over on the ship and then go on a cycling trip. 旅游中心工作人员：你们可以把自行车带上船，到了湖对岸后再进行骑行。⭐️【go on a cycling trip = 进行骑行游览】
There's a trail there called the Back Road -- you could easily spend three or four hours exploring it, and the scenery's wonderful. 那里有一条名为“Back Road”的路线，你们可以轻松花上三四个小时探索，沿途风景非常优美。⭐️【trail = 小径；骑行／徒步路线】⭐️【scenery = 自然风景】
They'll give you a map when you get your ticket for the cruise - there's no extra charge. 购买船票时，他们会提供一张地图，不额外收费。⭐️【extra charge = 额外费用】
VISITOR: What's the trail like in terms of difficulty? 游客：就难度而言，这条路线怎么样？⭐️【in terms of = 就……而言；在……方面】
TC EMPLOYEE: Quite challenging in places. 旅游中心工作人员：有些路段相当具有挑战性。⭐️【in places = 在某些地方／路段】
It wouldn't be suitable for your seven-year-old. 它不适合您七岁的孩子。
It needs someone who's got a bit more experience. 这条路线需要骑行者具备更多经验。
VISITOR: Hmm. Well, my daughter loves cycling and so do I, so maybe the two of us could go, and my wife and son could stay on the farm. 游客：嗯。我女儿喜欢骑自行车，我也喜欢，所以也许我们两个人可以去骑行，而我的妻子和儿子可以留在农场。 ⭐ ️【so do I = 我也是（话语功能：表达相同情况）】
That might work out quite well. 这样安排可能会非常合适。⭐️【work out well = 产生良好结果；安排得很合适】
But we don't have bikes here... is there somewhere we could rent them? 不过，我们在这里没有自行车……附近有可以租车的地方吗？
TC EMPLOYEE: Yes, there's a place here in the city. 旅游中心工作人员：有，城里有一家。
It's called Ratchesons. 它叫Ratchesons。
VISITOR: I'll just make a note of that - er, how do you spell it? 游客：我记一下——呃，这个名字怎么拼？⭐️【make a note of = 记下……】
TC EMPLOYEE: R-A-T-C-H-E-S-O-N-S. 旅游中心工作人员：R-A-T-C-H-E-S-O-N-S。
It's just by the cruise ship terminal. 它就在游船码头旁边。⭐️【cruise ship terminal = 游船码头／客运站】
VISITOR: OK. 游客：好的。
TC EMPLOYEE: You'd also need to pick up a repair kit for the bike from there to take along with you, and you'd need to take along a snack and some water - it'd be best to get those in the city. 旅游中心工作人员：你们还需要在那里领取一套自行车维修工具并随身携带，同时也要带上零食和饮用水；这些东西最好在城里准备好。⭐️【pick up = 领取；顺便购买】⭐️【repair kit = 维修工具包】⭐️【take something along with you = 随身携带某物】
VISITOR: Fine. That shouldn't be a problem. 游客：好的。 这应该没问题。
And I assume I can rent a helmet from the bike place? 我想自行车租赁店也可以租到头盔吧？
TC EMPLOYEE: Sure, you should definitely get that. 旅游中心工作人员：当然可以，你们一定要配备头盔。
It's a great ride, but you want to be well prepared because it's very remote - you won't see any shops round there, or anywhere to stay, so you need to get back in time for the last boat. 这段骑行体验非常棒，但一定要做好充分准备，因为那里十分偏远——沿途没有商店，也没有住宿的地方，所以你们必须及时返回，赶上末班船。⭐️【be well prepared = 做好充分准备】⭐️【remote = 偏远的】⭐️【get back in time for = 及时返回以赶上……】
VISITOR: Yeah. 游客：好的。
So what sort of prices are we looking at here? 那么，这些项目大概需要多少钱？⭐️【what sort of prices are we looking at? = 大概需要多少钱？】
TC EMPLOYEE: Let's see, that'd be one adult and one child for the cruise with farm tour, that's $117, and an adult and a child for the cruise only so that's $214 dollars altogether. 旅游中心工作人员：让我算一下，一名成人和一名儿童参加游船加农场参观，费用是117美元；另外一名成人和一名儿童只参加游船，所以总计是214美元。⭐️【altogether = 总计；一共】
Oh, wait a minute, how old did you say your daughter was? 哦，等一下，您刚才说女儿多大？
VISITOR: Fifteen. 游客：15岁。
TC EMPLOYEE: Then I'm afraid it's $267 because she has to pay the adult fare, which is $75 instead of the child fare which is $22 - sorry about that. 旅游中心工作人员：那么，恐怕总费用是267美元，因为她必须支付75美元的成人票价，而不是22美元的儿童票价——很抱歉。⭐️【adult fare = 成人票价】⭐️【instead of = 而不是（话语功能：对比替换）】⭐️【child fare = 儿童票价】
VISITOR: That's OK. 游客：没关系。