Right. I've now almost succeeded in finalising plans for our tour, so I'll bring you up to date with what I know. 好的，我们这次旅行的计划我差不多已经敲定了，我来跟你们说一下最新情况。
As you know, we're flying first to Munich, on Monday the 4th. 大家都知道，我们第一站是飞往慕尼黑，时间是4号星期一。
The flight is at 11.30, so it's too early to have lunch at the airport. 航班是11点30分，在机场吃午饭太早了。
I suggest we meet there for coffee at 10, 我建议我们10点在机场碰头喝杯咖啡，
which should give us plenty of time for breakfast before we leave home. 这样我们出门前还有充足的时间吃早餐。
When we arrive in Munich, we'll be met at the airport by Claus Bauer. 我们到达慕尼黑后，克劳斯·鲍尔会在机场接我们。
Claus works for a tour operator, and he'll look after us for the time we'll be in Germany. 克劳斯在一家旅行社工作，我们在德国期间他会照顾我们。
He's already liaised with the managers of the theatre we're going to visit, and he's also arranged for an officer of the National Theatre in Munich to show us round the theatre one afternoon during our stay. 他已经和我们打算参观的剧院的管理人员联系好了，还安排了慕尼黑国家剧院的一位工作人员在我们停留期间的某个下午带我们参观剧院。
Now last time we discussed this trip, I didn't have the precise cost for hotel rooms, but now I have. 上次我们讨论这次行程时，我还不清楚酒店房间的确切价格，现在我知道了。
The normal rate at the hotel where we're staying is 150 euros a night for a double room. I'd hoped to get that down to 120 euros, but in fact I've been able to negotiate a rate of 110. 我们要住的酒店，双人间的正常价格是每晚150欧元。我原本希望能降到120欧元，但实际上我已经谈到了110欧元。
That'll be reflected in the final payment which you'll need to make by the end of this week. 这将体现在你们需要在本周末之前支付的尾款中。
On Tuesday, the day after our arrival, I had hoped we could sit in on a rehearsal at one of the theatres, but unfortunately that's proved very difficult to arrange, so instead we'll have a coach trip to one of the amazing castles in the mountains south of Munich. 星期二，也就是我们到达的第二天，我原本希望我们可以旁听某个剧院的排练，但不幸的是这很难安排，所以我们改乘大巴去慕尼黑南部山区里一座令人惊叹的城堡。
On Tuesday evening, we'll all have dinner together in a restaurant near our hotel. 星期二晚上，我们将在酒店附近的一家餐厅共进晚餐。
From talking to you all about your preferences, it was clear that a typical local restaurant would be too meat-oriented for some of you. 从和你们大家的偏好交流来看，很明显典型的本土餐厅对你们有些人来说肉食偏多。
Some of you suggested an Italian restaurant, but I must confess that I decided to book a Lebanese one, as we have plenty of opportunities to go to an Italian restaurant at home. 你们有些人建议去意大利餐厅，但我必须承认我决定订一家黎巴嫩餐厅，因为我们在家有很多机会去意大利餐厅。
On Wednesday afternoon, the director of the play we're going to see that evening will talk to us at the theatre. 星期三下午，我们当晚要看的那部戏的导演将在剧院和我们交流。
She'll describe the whole process of producing a play, including how she chose the actors, and, as the play we're going to see is a modern one, how she worked with the playwright. 她会描述一部戏剧制作的全过程，包括她如何挑选演员，而且由于我们要看的是一部现代戏剧，她还会讲述她如何与剧作家合作。
Right. Now I'd just like to make a few points about the plays we're going to see, partly because it might influence your choice of clothes to take with you! 好的。现在我想就我们要看的几部戏说几点，部分原因是因为这可能会影响你们带什么衣服的选择！
The play we're seeing on Wednesday evening is a modern one, and we're going to the premiere, so it'll be quite a dressy occasion, though of course you don't have to dress formally. 我们星期三晚上要看的戏是一部现代剧，而且我们要看的是首演，所以那将是一个相当讲究穿着的场合，当然你们不必穿正装。
I gather it's rather a multimedia production, with amazing lighting effects and a soundtrack of electronic music, though unfortunately the playwright is ill and is unlikely to be able to attend. 我了解到这是一部相当多媒体的作品，有着惊人的灯光效果和电子音乐配乐，不过遗憾的是剧作家生病了，不太可能出席。
On Thursday we're seeing a play that was first performed last year, when it was commissioned to mark a hundred years since the birth in the town of a well-known scientist. 星期四我们要看的戏是去年首演的，当时这部剧是为了纪念一位著名科学家在该镇诞辰一百周年而委托创作的。
We're going to see a revival of that production, which aroused a lot of interest. 我们将去看那个作品的重演，它当时引起了很大兴趣。
Friday's play will really make you think hard about what clothes to pack, as it'll be in the garden of a palace. It's a beautiful setting, but I'd better warn you, there won't be much protection from the wind. 星期五的戏会让你们认真思考该带什么衣服，因为它将在一座宫殿的花园里上演。环境很优美，但我得提醒你们，那里没什么挡风的地方。
On Saturday, we're going by coach to a theatre in another town, not far from Munich. This will be the opening of a drama festival, and the mayor and all the other dignitaries of the town will be attending. 星期六，我们将乘大巴前往慕尼黑附近另一个城镇的一家剧院。那将是一个戏剧节的开幕式，镇长和该镇所有其他显要人物都将出席。
After the performance, the mayor is hosting a reception for all the audience, and there'll be a band playing traditional music of the region. 演出结束后，镇长将为所有观众举办一场招待会，届时将有一支乐队演奏该地区的传统音乐。
And after having a day off on Sunday, our final play is on Monday, and it's in the stunning setting of the old Town Hall, which dates back to the 14th century. 星期日休息一天之后，我们的最后一场戏在星期一，地点是在令人惊叹的旧市政厅，它的历史可以追溯到14世纪。
The performance marks the fifty years that the lead actor has been on stage, and the play is the one where he made his first professional appearance, all those years ago. 这场演出是为了纪念男主角登台五十周年，而这部剧正是他多年前首次进行职业演出的那部戏。
And the day after that, we'll be flying back home. 再之后一天，我们将乘飞机回家。
Now have you got any questions before I ... 好了，在我……之前，你们有什么问题吗？