MAN: Good morning, Kenton Festival box office. 男士：早上好，这里是Kenton节售票处。⭐️【box office = 售票处】
How can I help you? 有什么可以帮您的吗？
WOMAN: Oh, good morning. 女士：哦，早上好。
I'm coming to Kenton for a few days' holiday next month, and a friend told me there's a festival. 我下个月要来Kenton度假几天，一位朋友告诉我这里会举办节庆活动。
She gave me this number to find out about it. 她把这个电话号码给了我，让我打电话了解一下。⭐️【find out about = 了解；查询】
MAN: That's right, the festival begins on the 16th of May and goes on till the 19th. 男士：没错，节庆活动从5月16日开始，一直持续到19日。⭐️【go on till = 一直持续到……】
WOMAN: Oh, that's great. 女士：哦，那太好了。
I'll be there from the 15th till the 19th. 我会从15日一直待到19日。
So could you tell me the programme, please? 那么，您可以向我介绍一下活动安排吗？⭐️【programme = 活动安排；节目单】
MAN: Well, on the first day, there's the opening ceremony, in the town centre. 男士：第一天，市中心会举行开幕典礼。⭐️【opening ceremony = 开幕典礼】
People start gathering around 2 o'clock, to get a good place to see from, and the events will start at 2.45, and finish about 5.30. 人们会在两点左右开始聚集，以便找到一个视野良好的位置；活动将在2点45分开始，大约5点30分结束。⭐️【start gathering = 开始聚集】⭐️【get a good place to see from = 找到一个视野良好的位置】
WOMAN: OK, thanks. 女士：好的，谢谢。
I'll make sure I get there early to get a good spot. 我一定会早点到，找一个好位置。⭐️【make sure = 确保；务必】⭐️【get a good spot = 找到一个好位置】
MAN: The festival will be officially opened by the mayor. 男士：市长将正式宣布节庆活动开幕。⭐️【be officially opened by = 由……正式宣布开幕】⭐️【mayor = 市长】
He'll just speak for a few minutes, welcoming everyone to the festival. 他只会致辞几分钟，欢迎大家参加本次节庆活动。
All the town councillors will be there, and of course lots of other people. 所有市镇议员都会到场，当然还会有许多其他人。⭐️【town councillor = 市镇议员】
WOMAN: Right. 女士：好的。
MAN: Then there'll be a performance by a band. 男士：接下来会有一支乐队进行表演。
Most years we have a children's choir, but this year the local army cadets offered to perform, and they're very good. 往年通常是儿童合唱团演出，但今年当地的少年军校学员主动提出表演，而且他们的水平很不错。⭐️【children’s choir = 儿童合唱团】⭐️【army cadet = 少年军校学员；青年军训团成员】⭐️【offer to do = 主动提出做……】
WOMAN: Uhuh. 女士：嗯。
MAN: After that, a community group from the town will perform a play they've written themselves, just a short one. 男士：之后，本镇的一个社区团体将表演一部由他们自己创作的短剧。⭐️【community group = 社区团体】
It's about Helen Tungate. 这部剧讲的是Helen Tungate。
I don't know if you've heard of her? 不知道您是否听说过她？⭐️【hear of = 听说过】
WOMAN: I certainly have. 女士：我当然听说过。
She was a scientist years ago. 她是多年前的一位科学家。
MAN: That's right. 男士：没错。
She was born in Kenton exactly 100 years ago, so we're celebrating her centenary. 她恰好在100年前出生于Kenton，因此我们正在纪念她诞辰一百周年。⭐️【centenary = 一百周年纪念】
WOMAN: I'm a biologist, so I've always been interested in her. 女士：我是一名生物学家，所以一直对她很感兴趣。
I didn't realise she came from Kenton. 我之前不知道她来自Kenton。⭐️【come from = 来自；出生于】
MAN: Yes. 男士：是的。
Well, all that will take place in the afternoon, and later, as the sun sets, there'll be a firework display. 以上活动都会在下午举行；晚些时候，太阳落山时还会有一场烟花表演。⭐️【take place = 举行；发生】⭐️【as the sun sets = 随着太阳落山】⭐️【firework display = 烟花表演】
You should go to the park to watch, as you'll get the best view from there. 您应该去公园观看，因为从那里看到的景观最好。⭐️【get the best view = 获得最佳视野】
And the display takes place on the opposite side of the river. 烟花会在河对岸燃放。⭐️【the opposite side of = ……的对面／另一侧】
It's always one of the most popular events in the festival. 它一直是节庆活动中最受欢迎的项目之一。
WOMAN: Sounds great. 女士：听起来很棒。
WOMAN: And what's happening on the other days? 女士：其他几天还有什么活动？
MAN: There are several events that go on the whole time. 男士：有几项活动会贯穿整个节庆期间。⭐️【go on the whole time = 全程持续进行】
For example, the students of the art college have produced a number of videos, all connected with relationships between children and their grandparents. 例如，艺术学院的学生制作了一系列视频，内容都与儿童和祖父母之间的关系有关。⭐️【a number of = 一系列；若干】⭐️【be connected with = 与……有关】
WOMAN: That sounds interesting. 女士：听起来很有意思。
It makes a change from children and parents, doesn't it! 这与通常关注孩子和父母关系的主题不同，倒让人觉得很新鲜，不是吗！⭐️【make a change from = 不同于惯常的……；让人觉得新鲜】
MAN: Exactly. 男士：正是如此。
Because the art college is in use for classes, throughout the festival, the videos are being shown in Handsworth House. 因为艺术学院在整个节庆期间都要用于上课，所以这些视频会在Handsworth House展映。⭐️【be in use = 正在使用中】⭐️【throughout = 贯穿……期间】
WOMAN: How do you spell the name?&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;MAN: H-A-N-D-S-W-O-R-T-H. Handsworth House.&nbsp; 女士：这个名字怎么拼写？&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;男士：H-A-N-D-S-W-O-R-T-H。&nbsp;Handsworth House。
It's close to the Town Hall. 它靠近市政厅。⭐️【Town Hall = 市政厅】
WOMAN: Right. 女士：好的。
MAN: Now let me see, what else can I tell you about? 男士：让我想想，还有什么可以介绍的？
WOMAN: Are there any displays of ballet dancing? 女士：有芭蕾舞表演吗？
I'm particularly interested in that as I do it as a hobby. 我对芭蕾舞尤其感兴趣，因为我把它当作爱好来练习。⭐️【do something as a hobby = 把某事当作爱好】
MAN: There isn't any ballet, I'm afraid, but there'll be a demonstration of traditional dances from all round the country. 男士：恐怕没有芭蕾舞，不过会有一场全国各地传统舞蹈的展示。⭐️【demonstration = 示范表演；展示】⭐️【all round the country = 全国各地】
WOMAN: Oh, that'd be nice. 女士：哦，那也不错。
Where's that being held? 它会在哪里举行？⭐️【be held = 被举行】
MAN: It's in the market in the town centre - the outdoor one, not the covered market. 男士：活动会在市中心的露天市场举行，不是在有顶棚的市场。⭐️【outdoor market = 露天市场】⭐️【covered market = 有顶棚的市场；室内市场】
And it's on at 2 and 5 every afternoon of the festival, apart from the first day. 除第一天外，节庆期间每天下午2点和5点各有一场。⭐️【be on at = 在某个时间上演／举行】⭐️【apart from = 除……之外】
WOMAN: Lovely. 女士：太好了。
I'm interested in all kinds of dancing, so I'm sure I'll enjoy that! 我对各种舞蹈都感兴趣，所以我相信自己会喜欢这个活动！
MAN: Mmm. 男士：嗯。
I'm sure you will. 我相信您会喜欢的。
WOMAN: And I'd really like to go to some concerts, if there are any. 女士：如果有音乐会，我也很想参加。
MAN: Yes, there are several. 男士：有的，有好几场。
Three performed by professionals, and one by local children. 其中三场由专业人士演出，另一场由当地儿童演出。⭐️【professional = 专业表演者；专业人士】
WOMAN: And where is it being held? 女士：音乐会会在哪里举行？
MAN: It's in the library, which is in Park Street. 男士：会在Park Street的图书馆举行。
On the 18th, at 6.30 in the evening. 时间是18日晚上6点30分。
WOMAN: I presume I'll need tickets for that. 女士：我想参加音乐会应该需要门票吧？⭐️【I presume = 我想；我推测】
MAN: Yes. 男士：是的。
You can book online, or you can buy them when you arrive in Kenton. 您可以在线订票，也可以到达Kenton后再购买。
Either at the festival box office, or from any shops displaying our logo in the windows. 可以到节庆售票处购买，也可以在橱窗中展示我们标志的任何商店购买。⭐️【display a logo = 展示标志／徽标】
WOMAN: Well. 女士：好的。
I think that'll keep me busy for the whole of my stay in Kenton. 我想这些活动足以让我在Kenton停留期间一直都有事情可做。⭐️【keep someone busy = 让某人一直有事可做】⭐️【for the whole of your stay = 在整个停留期间】
Thank you so much for all your help. 非常感谢您的帮助。
MAN: You're welcome. 男士：不客气。
I hope you enjoy your stay. 希望您在这里过得愉快。⭐️【enjoy your stay = 祝你停留期间过得愉快】
WOMAN: Thank you. 女士：谢谢。
Goodbye. 再见。