Over the years, attitudes towards workers have changed considerably. 多年来，人们对劳动者的态度发生了显著变化。⭐️【attitude towards = 对……的态度】
After all, there was a time when workers had no rights at all, and laboured in appalling conditions. 毕竟，曾经有一段时期，劳动者毫无权利，只能在极其恶劣的条件下辛苦劳作。⭐️【after all = 毕竟（话语功能：补充理由）】⭐️【labour = 辛苦劳动】⭐️【appalling conditions = 极其恶劣的条件】
Conditions have improved a lot, but conflict in the workplace is still common. 工作条件已经改善了许多，但职场冲突依然很常见。⭐️【conflict in the workplace = 职场冲突】
And human resources managers nowadays need to be able to deal with it when necessary. 如今，人力资源经理必须能够在必要时处理这类冲突。⭐️【deal with = 处理；应对】
What is conflict in the workplace? 什么是职场冲突？
Definitions vary, but I'm taking it to refer to a whole range of behaviours that the victim finds unacceptable, from minor, harmless arguments to - at the opposite extreme - physical violence.&nbsp; &nbsp;Much of this is covered by the term 【bullying】,&nbsp; 它的定义不尽相同，但这里我用它来指代受害者无法接受的一系列行为：小到轻微且无害的争吵，大到另一个极端——肢体暴力。 其中许多行为都可以归入“霸凌”这一概念； ⭐ ️【definitions vary = 定义不尽相同】⭐️【take something to refer to = 将……理解为／用……指代】⭐️【a whole range of = 一系列各种各样的……】⭐️【at the opposite extreme = 在另一个极端（话语功能：对比）】，️【be covered by the term = 被纳入……这一概念】
by which I mean one or more people behaving abusively or aggressively against another who is in a weaker position. 我所说的霸凌，是指一个或多个人以侮辱性或攻击性的方式对待另一个处于弱势地位的人。 ⭐ ⭐️【behave abusively = 以侮辱／虐待性的方式行事】⭐️【be in a weaker position = 处于较弱势的地位】
Although all behaviour like this is a form of conflict, not all conflict can be described in these terms. 尽管这类行为都属于冲突，但并非所有冲突都能被称为霸凌。⭐️【in these terms = 用这种说法；按照这种定义】
As with all human behaviour, there are numerous reasons for it. 与所有人类行为一样，职场冲突背后的原因有很多。⭐️【as with = 与……一样（话语功能：类比）】
But often it's caused by someone who feels the need to show their superiority over someone else, in order to feel that they aren't at the lowest level in a hierarchy or a group of people. 但冲突往往是由这样的人引起的：他们觉得需要向别人显示自己的优越性，从而让自己觉得并非处于某个等级体系或群体的最底层。⭐️【show one's superiority over = 向……显示自己的优越性】⭐️【hierarchy = 等级体系】
In some cases one person simply dislikes the other, on the basis that the 【personality】 of one is in some way incompatible with that of the other person. 在某些情况下，一个人仅仅因为认为双方的性格在某些方面不合，就不喜欢另一个人。 ⭐ ️【on the basis that = 基于……；理由是……】⭐️【be incompatible with = 与……不相容／合不来】⭐️【that of = ……的性格（that代替前文的personality）】
A general habit of optimism in one person could make them intolerant of a colleague who's constantly pessimistic - not that that justifies treating them badly, of course. 一个人如果习惯于保持乐观，可能会无法容忍一个总是悲观的同事——当然，这并不是说他们就有理由恶劣地对待对方。⭐️【be intolerant of = 无法容忍……】⭐️【not that ... = 并不是说……（话语功能：补充澄清）】⭐️【justify doing = 成为做……的正当理由】
Some conflicts arise when people are more interested in promoting themselves and their team than in the company as a whole. These conflicts are called '【structural】',&nbsp; 有些冲突源于人们更关注提升自己及其团队的利益，而不是公司的整体利益。 这类冲突被称为“结构性冲突”。 ⭐ ️【arise = 产生；出现】⭐️【promote oneself = 提升自己的地位／谋求自身利益】⭐️【as a whole = 从整体来看】 ️【structural conflict = 结构性冲突】
and could come about, for example, when a sales team believe they are the only people in the business who do any useful work, and look down on behind-the-scenes administrators. 例如，当销售团队认为自己是企业中唯一在做有用工作的人，并且看不起幕后的行政人员时，就可能出现这种冲突。 ⭐ ⭐️【come about = 发生；产生】⭐️【look down on = 看不起】⭐️【behind-the-scenes = 幕后的；不直接露面的】
Conflict obviously affects the individuals concerned - the situation is likely to be very stressful for victims, resulting in their absence from work, possibly for months. 冲突显然会影响相关人员——这种处境很可能给受害者造成巨大压力，导致他们无法上班，甚至可能一连缺勤数月。⭐️【the individuals concerned = 相关人员】⭐️【result in = 导致】⭐️【absence from work = 缺勤；无法上班】
For the company, if no effort is made to deal with conflict, it can spiral out of control, and even lead to the breakdown of the business. 对公司而言，如果不努力处理冲突，局面就可能不断恶化直至失控，甚至导致企业瓦解。⭐️【make an effort to do = 努力做……】⭐️【spiral out of control = 不断恶化并失去控制】⭐️【lead to the breakdown of = 导致……的崩溃／瓦解】
Some interesting work with chief executives - CEOs - has uncovered some of the reasons why they may treat colleagues badly. 一些针对首席执行官的有趣研究揭示了他们可能恶劣对待同事的部分原因。⭐️【chief executive = 首席执行官】⭐️【uncover = 揭示；发现】
Many CEOs combine two opposing characteristics: confidence - that is, the belief that they're capable of great achievements - with a high level of anxiety, a fear of missing targets, whether set by themselves or by the directors of the company. 许多首席执行官同时具有两种相反的特征：一方面很自信，相信自己能够取得巨大成就；另一方面又高度焦虑，害怕无法完成目标，无论这些目标是他们自己还是公司董事设定的。⭐️【opposing characteristics = 相反的特征】⭐️【be capable of = 有能力做……】⭐️【miss a target = 未能完成目标】
This combination can make them respond badly to anyone who questions their decisions. 这种特征组合可能使他们无法妥善回应任何质疑其决策的人。⭐️【question someone's decision = 质疑某人的决定】
In a high pressure work environment, such characteristics become problematic. 在高压的工作环境中，这类特征会造成问题。⭐️【high-pressure work environment = 高压工作环境】⭐️【problematic = 会造成问题的；棘手的】
And it's particularly difficult to tackle the situation where colleagues, managers and board members are all trying to achieve their own visions. 如果同事、经理和董事会成员全都试图实现各自的构想，这种局面会尤其难以处理。 ⭐ ️【tackle a situation = 处理／应对一种局面】⭐️【board member = 董事会成员】⭐️【achieve one's vision = 实现自己的构想／愿景】
When they can't agree on strategic issues and on where they see the business going, there are real problems. 当他们无法就战略问题以及企业未来的发展方向达成一致时，就会出现真正严重的问题。⭐️【agree on = 就……达成一致】⭐️【strategic issue = 战略问题】⭐️【where someone sees the business going = 某人认为企业未来的发展方向】
For managers at lower levels within the organisation, it might seem that an autocratic form of management - where the chief executive gives orders and everyone else has to obey - would see more conflict than others. 对组织中层级较低的管理者而言，专制式管理——即首席执行官下达命令、其他所有人都必须服从——似乎会比其他管理模式产生更多冲突。⭐️【at lower levels within an organisation = 位于组织中的较低层级】⭐️【autocratic management = 专制式管理】⭐️【give orders = 下达命令】
Interestingly, though, a company with a more democratic business model can suffer more when uncertainty about who to report to leads to conflicting demands. 然而有趣的是，在采用较民主经营模式的公司中，如果员工不确定应该向谁汇报，进而收到相互矛盾的要求，公司受到的影响可能反而更大。 ⭐ ️【interestingly, though = 然而有趣的是（话语功能：转折并引出反常结果）】⭐️【report to = 向……汇报；隶属于……】⭐️【conflicting demands = 相互矛盾的要求】
Now I'll say a little about dealing with the type of conflict that has harmful effects. 现在我来简单谈谈如何处理会造成不良影响的冲突。
Of course the ideal is to prevent it arising in the first place. 当然，最理想的做法是从一开始就防止冲突发生。⭐️【in the first place = 从一开始；首先】
A good manager, at any level, will make efforts to earn the respect of the people they work with, particularly those who report to them. 一名优秀的管理者，无论处于哪个层级，都会努力赢得共事者的尊重，尤其是下属的尊重。⭐️【earn someone's respect = 赢得某人的尊重】⭐️【report to someone = 向某人汇报；是某人的下属】
That will involve politeness in all communications, and treating them as equals who happen to have a different role within the organisation. 这意味着在所有沟通中保持礼貌，并把他们当作平等的人，只不过彼此在组织中恰好承担着不同的角色。⭐️【treat someone as an equal = 平等对待某人】⭐️【happen to = 恰好；碰巧】
Sometimes, of course, conflict does occur, and can get out of hand. 当然，冲突有时确实会发生，而且可能变得难以控制。⭐️【get out of hand = 失去控制；变得难以应付】
In such cases the human resources department often gets involved. 在这种情况下，人力资源部门通常会介入。⭐️【get involved = 介入；参与】
However, if one of the parties in a conflict sees human resources as simply a mouthpiece for the chief executive, then an external mediator might be able to help. 然而，如果冲突中的一方认为人力资源部门只是首席执行官的传声筒，那么外部调解员或许能够提供帮助。⭐️【however = 然而（话语功能：转折）】⭐️【a party in a conflict = 冲突中的一方】⭐️【mouthpiece = 代言人；传声筒】⭐️【external mediator = 外部调解员】
By talking to both sides, and trying to find the truth of what's been happening, they can build a clear picture of the situation, and give feedback that both sides will accept, precisely because they're independent. 调解员通过与双方交谈，并努力查明事情的真相，可以清楚掌握整体情况，进而提供双方都愿意接受的反馈——这恰恰是因为他们具有独立性。⭐️【both sides = 双方】⭐️【build a clear picture of = 清楚、全面地了解……】⭐️【precisely because = 恰恰因为（话语功能：强调原因）】