OK, so we've been looking at how man-made changes in our environment can affect wildlife. 好了，我们一直在研究人类对环境所作的改变会如何影响野生动物。⭐️【man-made changes = 人为改变】
Now I'll discuss a particular example. 现在我要讨论一个具体的例子。
Let's take a look at mercury. 我们来看看汞。
Mercury's one of the 120 or so elements that make up all matter, and it has the symbol Hg. 汞是构成所有物质的大约120种元素之一，化学符号是Hg。⭐️【make up = 构成；组成】
It's a shiny, silvery substance. 它是一种闪亮的银白色物质。⭐️【silvery = 银白色的】
You may have seen it in old-fashioned thermometers, but it's not used much for domestic purposes now because it's highly toxic. 你可能在老式温度计中见过它，但如今由于其毒性很强，它已经很少用于家庭用途。⭐️【for domestic purposes = 用于家庭用途】⭐️【highly toxic = 毒性很强的】
But the problem is that the amount of mercury in the environment's increasing. 但问题在于，环境中的汞含量正在上升。
The main reason for this is the power plants used to produce electricity. 造成这一现象的主要原因是用于发电的发电厂。
The main source of energy that most of them use is still coal, and when it's burned it releases mercury into the atmosphere. 大多数发电厂使用的主要能源仍然是煤，而煤燃烧时会将汞释放到大气中。⭐️【release something into the atmosphere = 将某物释放到大气中】
Some of this gets deposited into lakes and rivers, and if it's ingested by a fish it's not excreted, it stays in the fish's body and it enters the food chain. 其中一部分汞会沉积到湖泊和河流中；如果被鱼摄入，它不会被排出，而是留在鱼的体内并进入食物链。⭐️【be deposited into = 沉积到……中】⭐️【ingest = 摄入；吞食】⭐️【excrete = 排泄】⭐️【enter the food chain = 进入食物链】
So it's been known for some time that birds which eat fish may be affected, but what wasn't known until quite recently is that those that eat insects can also be affected. 因此，人们早已知道食鱼鸟类可能会受到影响，但直到最近才发现，食虫鸟类也会受到影响。⭐️【for some time = 已有一段时间】⭐️【not until quite recently = 直到最近才……】
So a woman called Claire Varian-Ramos is doing some research on how this is affecting birds. 因此，一位名叫Claire Varian-Ramos的女性正在研究这一问题对鸟类的影响。
And rather than looking at how many birds are actually killed by mercury poisoning, she's looking for more subtle sub-effects . 她并没有研究究竟有多少鸟类死于汞中毒，而是在寻找更为细微的次级影响。⭐️【rather than = 而不是（话语功能：取舍／对比）】⭐️【mercury poisoning = 汞中毒】⭐️【subtle sub-effects = 细微的次级影响】
And these may be to do with the 【behaviour 】of the birds, or with the effect of mercury on the way their brain works, so whether it leads to problems with memory, for example. 这些影响可能与鸟类的行为有关，也可能与汞对其大脑运作方式的影响有关，例如汞是否会导致记忆问题。 ⭐ ️【be to do with = 与……有关】⭐️【lead to = 导致】
And she's particularly focusing on the effects of mercury on bird song. 她尤其关注汞对鸟鸣的影响。⭐️【focus on = 重点研究；关注】
Now. the process of song learning happens at a particular stage in the birds' development, and what you may not know is that a young bird seems to acquire this skill by listening to the songs produced by its father, rather than by any other bird. 鸟类学习鸣唱的过程发生在其成长的一个特定阶段；你可能不知道的是，幼鸟似乎是通过聆听父鸟的鸣唱来掌握这项技能的，而不是通过聆听其他鸟类。⭐️【at a particular stage = 在某个特定阶段】⭐️【acquire a skill = 掌握一项技能】
And Varian-Ramos has already found in her research that if young male birds are exposed to mercury, if they eat food contaminated with mercury, then the songs they produce aren't as complex as those produced by other birds.&nbsp; Varian-Ramos已经在研究中发现，如果雄性幼鸟接触到汞，也就是吃下受到汞污染的食物，那么它们发出的鸣叫便不如其他鸟类复杂。 ⭐ ️【be exposed to = 接触到；暴露于】⭐️【be contaminated with = 受到……污染】
So quite low-level exposure to mercury is likely to have an impact on male birds in a natural situation, because it can mean that they're less attractive to female birds, and so it can affect their chances of reproduction. 因此，即使程度很低的汞暴露也可能影响自然环境中的雄鸟，因为这会降低它们对雌鸟的吸引力，进而影响其繁殖机会。⭐️【low-level exposure = 低水平暴露】⭐️【have an impact on = 对……产生影响】⭐️【chances of reproduction = 繁殖机会】
Now the way she's carrying out this research is worth thinking about. 她开展这项研究的方式值得我们思考。⭐️【carry out research = 开展研究】⭐️【be worth doing = 值得做……】
She's using a mixture of studies using birds kept in laboratories, and studies carried out outdoors in the wild. 她将以实验室饲养鸟类为对象的研究与在户外野生环境中开展的研究结合起来。⭐️【a mixture of = ……的结合】⭐️【in the wild = 在野外；在自然环境中】
The lab-based studies have the advantage that you don't get all the variables you would in a natural setting, so the experimenter has a much higher level of 【control】, and that means they can be more confident about their results in some ways. 实验室研究的优势在于，研究人员不必面对自然环境中的所有变量，因而能对实验进行更高程度的控制；从某些方面来说，这也意味着他们能对研究结果更有信心。 ⭐ ️【lab-based study = 实验室研究】⭐️【natural setting = 自然环境】⭐️【have a high level of control = 拥有较高程度的控制权】
And of course they don't have to worry about going out and finding the birds in order to observe them. 当然，他们也不必为外出寻找鸟类进行观察而费心。
So what are the implications here for humans? 那么，这对人类有什么潜在影响呢？⭐️【implications for = 对……可能产生的影响】
Well, because many birds are migratory, they may be transporting mercury far from contaminated sites. 由于许多鸟类具有迁徙习性，它们可能会把汞带到远离污染地点的地方。⭐️【migratory = 迁徙的】⭐️【contaminated site = 受污染的地点】
For example, it's been found that ducks who'd been feeding at a contaminated site were later shot by hunters over a thousand kilometres away, and presumably eaten. 例如，人们发现，一些曾在污染地点觅食的鸭子后来在一千多公里外被猎人射杀，而且很可能被食用了。⭐️【feed at a site = 在某地觅食】⭐️【presumably = 很可能；据推测】
But these birds likely had mercury levels high enough to warrant concern for human consumption. 但这些鸟体内的汞含量很可能已经高到足以引发人们对食用安全的担忧。⭐️【warrant concern = 有理由引起担忧】⭐️【human consumption = 人类食用】
In addition, going back to song learning by birds, we saw that this may be affected by mercury contamination. 此外，回到鸟类学习鸣唱这一问题，我们已经看到，这一过程可能会受到汞污染的影响。⭐️【in addition = 此外（话语功能：补充）】⭐️【go back to = 回到；重新谈及】
Well, we also know that in humans, mercury causes developmental delays in the acquisition of 【language】, and in fact this process is very similar in the brain regions it involves and even the genes that are involved. 我们还知道，汞会导致人类的语言习得出现发育迟缓；事实上，这一过程涉及的脑区乃至基因都与鸟类学习鸣唱的过程非常相似。 ⭐ ️【developmental delay = 发育迟缓】⭐️【the acquisition of language = 语言习得】⭐️【in fact = 事实上（话语功能：补充／强化）】
But mercury contamination has other important implications for humans as well. 但汞污染对人类还有其他重要影响。
It's now known that an unborn child can be affected if the food eaten by its mother contains high levels of mercury, and these effects can be quite substantial. 目前人们已经知道，如果母亲食用的食物含有高浓度的汞，尚未出生的孩子就可能受到影响，而且这种影响可能相当严重。⭐️【unborn child = 胎儿；尚未出生的孩子】⭐️【high levels of mercury = 高浓度的汞】⭐️【substantial = 严重的；显著的】
In the end, it comes down to whether more value is placed on human economic wellbeing or environmental wellbeing. 归根结底，问题在于人们是更重视人类的经济福祉，还是更重视环境福祉。⭐️【in the end = 归根结底（话语功能：总结）】⭐️【come down to = 归结为；关键在于】⭐️【place value on = 重视】⭐️【economic wellbeing = 经济福祉】
It's true there are new regulations for mercury emissions from power plants, but these will need billions of dollars to implement, and increase costs for everyone. 的确，目前已经出台了针对发电厂汞排放的新规，但实施这些规定需要数十亿美元，也会增加所有人的成本。⭐️【mercury emissions = 汞排放】⭐️【implement regulations = 实施规定】
Some argue that's too much to pay to protect wild life. 有些人认为，为保护野生动物付出如此高昂的代价并不值得。
But as we've seen , the issues go beyond that , and I think it's an issue we need to consider very carefully. 但正如我们所看到的，这些问题的影响并不局限于野生动物；我认为，这是一个需要我们慎重考虑的问题。⭐️【go beyond = 超出；不局限于】⭐️【consider something carefully = 慎重考虑某事】