SUSIE: Hello? SUSIE：喂？
PAUL: Hi, Susie, it's Paul here. How are you? Enjoying your new job? 嗨，Susie，我是Paul。你好吗？ 新工作做得开心吗？
You're working at the library, aren't you? 你现在在图书馆工作，对吧？
SUSIE: Yes. I started when the library re-opened a month ago. It's great. 是的。 一个月前图书馆重新开放时，我就开始在那里工作了。 感觉不错
PAUL: Actually Carol and I have been meaning to join for a while. PAUL：其实，Carol和我早就想办张借书证了。⭐️【have been meaning to do = 一直想做某事】
SUSIE: Oh, you should. SUSIE：哦，你们确实应该办。
It doesn't cost anything, and the new library has all sorts of facilities. 办证完全免费，而且新图书馆拥有各种各样的设施。⭐️【all sorts of = 各种各样的】
It's not Just a place where you borrow books. 它不只是一个借书的地方。
For instance, there's an area with comfortable seats where you can sit and read the magazines they have there. 比如，馆内有一个设有舒适座椅的区域，你可以坐在那里阅读馆藏杂志。⭐️【for instance = 例如（话语功能：举例）】
Some people spend the whole morning there. 有些人整个上午都待在那里。
PAUL: Mmm.&nbsp; Wish I had that amount of time to spend! 嗯。真希望我也有那么多时间可以消磨！
SUSIE: Yes, you must be pretty busy at present, with the children and everything? SUSIE：是啊，你现在一定很忙吧，既要照顾孩子，又有各种事情要处理。⭐️【at present = 目前】⭐️【with ... and everything = 考虑到……以及其他各种事情】
PAUL: We are, yes. PAUL：确实很忙。
But we're hoping to get away this summer. 不过，我们希望今年夏天能出去度个假。⭐️【get away = 外出度假；短暂离开日常生活】
We're thinking of going to Greece. 我们正考虑去希腊。
SUSIE: Well, we've got a much larger section of the library devoted to travel books now, so you should come and have a look. SUSIE：现在图书馆里有一个大得多的区域专门陈列旅行类书籍，所以你应该过来看看。⭐️【be devoted to = 专门用于……】
I can't remember if there's anything specifically on Greece, but I should think so. 我不记得有没有专门介绍希腊的资料，不过我想应该有。⭐️【specifically on = 专门关于……】⭐️【I should think so = 我想应该是的】
PAUL: OK.&nbsp; Now Carol's organising a project for the history class she teaches at school - it's about life in the town a hundred years ago.&nbsp; 好的。&nbsp;&nbsp;Carol正在为她在学校教的历史课组织一个研究项目，主题是这座城镇一百年前的生活。
Do you have anything that might be useful? 你们那里有没有可能派上用场的资料？
SUSIE: Yes, actually we've now got a new section with materials on the history of the town and surrounding region. SUSIE：有的，我们现在新设了一个专区，里面收藏了关于本镇及周边地区历史的资料。⭐️【surrounding region = 周边地区】
PAUL: Right.&nbsp; I'll tell her. You can't always find that sort of thing on the internet. 好的。 我会告诉她。这类资料不一定总能在网上找到。
Now in the old library there used to be a separate room with reference books. 以前的图书馆里曾经有一个单独存放参考书的房间。⭐️【reference book = 参考书；工具书】
It was a really nice quiet room. 那个房间非常舒适、安静。
SUSIE: Yes, We've put those books in the main part of the library now, but we do have a room called the community room. SUSIE：是的，我们现在把那些书放到了图书馆的主要区域，不过我们确实有一个叫作“社区活动室”的房间。
It can be hired out for meetings, but at other times people can use it to study. 它可以出租供人开会使用，但其他时间大家也可以在那里学习。⭐️【hire out = 出租】⭐️【at other times = 在其他时间】
PAUL: I might use that. PAUL：我或许会去那里学习。
It's hard to find anywhere quiet at home sometimes. 有时候在家里很难找到一个安静的地方。
SUSIE: I can't remember how old your son and daughter are ... we've introduced a special section of fiction written specially for teenagers, but they might be a bit young for that? SUSIE：我不记得你的儿子和女儿多大了……我们新设了一个专区，陈列专门为青少年创作的小说，不过他们读这些书可能还小了点吧？⭐️【introduce a special section = 新设一个专区】⭐️【be a bit young for = 对……来说年龄稍小】
PAUL: Yes, they would be. PAUL：是的，他们还太小。
SUSIE: Well, we do have lots of activities for younger children. SUSIE：不过，我们确实为年龄较小的儿童准备了许多活动。
PAUL: Yes? PAUL：是吗？
SUSIE: For example we have a Science Club. SUSIE：例如，我们有一个科学俱乐部。
At the next meeting, they're going to be doing experiments with stuff that everyone has in the kitchen - sugar and flour and so on. 下次活动时，他们会使用每个人厨房里都有的东西做实验，比如糖、面粉等等。⭐️【and so on = 等等】
PAUL: They might be interested, yes. PAUL：他们可能会感兴趣。
SUSIE: And we have a competition for children called Reading Challenge. SUSIE：我们还为孩子们举办了一项名为“阅读挑战”的比赛。
That doesn 't begin until after the end of term. 它要到学期结束后才开始。⭐️【not ... until = 直到……才……】
They have to read six books, and they get a certificate if they manage it. 孩子们必须读完六本书，如果成功完成，就能获得一张证书。⭐️【manage it = 成功做到】
PAUL: So that gives them something to do while they're on holiday, instead of getting bored. PAUL：这样一来，他们放假时就有事情可做，而不会感到无聊。⭐️【instead of doing = 而不是做……】
SUSIE: That's the idea. SUSIE：目的正是如此。⭐️【that's the idea = 正是这个目的／就是这个意思】
And there's special activities for adults too. 此外，也有专门为成年人举办的活动。
On Friday we have a local author called Tanya Streep who's going to be talking about her new novel. 星期五，一位名叫Tanya Streep的本地作家会来介绍她的新小说。
It's called 'Catch the Mouse' and she based the story on a crime that actually took place here years ago. 小说名叫《捉住老鼠》，其故事取材于多年前这里真实发生的一起犯罪事件。⭐️【base something on = 以……为基础／取材于……】⭐️【take place = 发生】
PAUL: Right. PAUL：好的。
We're not free on Friday, but I'll look out for the book. 我们星期五没有空，不过我会留意这本书。⭐️【look out for = 留意；寻找】
SUSIE: Now this probably isn't for you, but we do have IT support available for members. SUSIE：这项服务可能不适合你，不过我们确实为会员提供信息技术支持。
PAUL: We get quite a few older people coming along who are want ing to get up to speed with computer technology. PAUL：有不少老年人会来参加，因为他们希望跟上计算机技术的发展。⭐️【come along = 前来参加】⭐️【get up to speed with = 迅速了解并掌握；跟上……的发展】
It's on Tuesday mornings - they don't need to make an appointment or anything, they just turn up. 活动安排在星期二上午；他们不需要预约之类的，直接到场就可以。⭐️【make an appointment = 预约】⭐️【turn up = 到场；出现】
PAUL: Well, my mother might be interested, I'll let her know. PAUL：我母亲或许会感兴趣，我会告诉她。
SUSIE: OK. SUSIE：好的。
And there's another service which you wouldn't expect from a library, which is a free medical check-up. 另外还有一项你可能想不到图书馆会提供的服务——免费体检。⭐️【medical check-up = 健康检查；体检】
The hospital arranges for someone to come along and measure the level of sugar in your blood, and they check cholesterol levels at the same time. 医院会安排工作人员前来测量血糖，同时也会检测胆固醇水平。⭐️【arrange for someone to do = 安排某人做……】⭐️【blood sugar level = 血糖水平】⭐️【cholesterol level = 胆固醇水平】⭐️【at the same time = 同时】
PAUL: Really? PAUL：真的吗？
SUSIE: Yes, but that's only for the over-60s, so you wouldn't qualify. SUSIE：是的，不过这项服务只面向60岁以上的人，因此你不符合资格。⭐️【the over-60s = 60岁以上的人】⭐️【qualify = 符合资格】
PAUL: OK. PAUL：好的。
Well, I'll tell my mother, she might be interested. 那我会告诉我母亲，她可能会感兴趣。
SUSIE: What other information ... well , we do have a little shop with things like wallcharts and greetings cards, and also stamps so you can post the cards straightaway, which is really useful. SUSIE：还有什么信息呢……我们确实有一家小商店，出售挂图、贺卡之类的东西，也卖邮票，所以你可以马上把卡片寄出去，非常方便。⭐️【wallchart = 挂图】⭐️【greetings card = 贺卡】⭐️【straightaway = 立即；马上】
PAUL: Yeah. PAUL：好的。
Well, I'll bring the children round at the weekend and we'll join. 周末我会带孩子们过来，我们会办理入会手续。⭐️【bring someone round = 带某人过来】
Oh, one more thing - I'll be bringing the car, is there parking available? 对了，还有一件事——我会开车过来，那里有停车位吗？⭐️【parking available = 有停车位可用】
SUSIE: Yes. and it's free in the evening and at weekends. 有。而且晚上和周末可以免费停车。
PAUL: Perfect. PAUL：太好了。
Well , thanks , Susie see you ... 好的，谢谢你，Susie，再见……