Welcome to this podcast about the Sheep market, which is one of the oldest parts of the city. 欢迎收听这段关于Sheep market的播客，Sheep market是这座城市最古老的地方之一。
As its name suggests, there was originally a market here where farmers brought their sheep, but now it's been redeveloped into a buzzing, vibrant area of the city, which is also home to one of the city's fastest-growing communities. 正如它的名字所示，那里本来有一个市场，农民们把他们的羊带来这里，不过现在那里已经发展成城市中一个嘈杂的、很有活力的区域，同时它还是城市里发展最快的社区的所在地。
The nearby university has always meant the area's popular with students, who come in to enjoy the lively nightlife, but now graduates embarking on careers in the worlds of fashion and design are buying up the new apartments recently built here to replace the small houses where the market workers used to live. 附近的大学意味着这里很受学生的欢迎，他们来这里享受充满活力的夜生活，而那些走入时尚设计业职场的毕业生们正买下大量最近建成的公寓，这些公寓取代了市场工人过去住的小房子。
The narrow old side streets are great places for finding original pictures, jewellery and ceramics which won't break the bank, as well as local produce like fruit and vegetables. 狭窄的古老小巷是发现原创照片、珠宝和瓷器的好地方，这些东西不会让你耗费巨资，此外还能发现当地土产的水果和蔬菜。
There's also lots of pavement cafes where you can have a coffee and watch tourists from all over the world go by. 那儿还有很多的路边咖啡座，你可以在那喝咖啡，看着来自世界各地的游客来来往往。
The oldest buildings in the area are on the main streets, including the city's first department store, built in the 1880s, which is still open today. 那片区域最古老的建筑物是在主街上，其中包括这个城市第一间建于1880年代的百货商店，而今天他仍在营业。
The Sheep market is a centre for fashion, and there's a policy of encouraging new young designers. Sheep market 是城市的时尚中心，那里有着鼓励新晋年轻设计师的政策。
The Young Fashion competition is open to local young people who are passionate about fashion. 青年时装大赛对本地热衷于时尚设计的年轻人开放。
This year they've been asked to design an outfit based on the ideas from the music and technology that's part of their everyday life, using both natural and man-made fibres. 今年大赛要求他们使用天然纤维和人造纤维，基于日常生活中的音乐和科技设计一套服装。
The garments will be judged by a panel of experts and fashion designers, and the winning entries will be modelled at a special gala evening. 设计出的服装将由一组专家和时尚设计师评判，入围的作品将在一个特别晚会上展出。
Parking at the Sheep market is easy. There are plenty of pay and display car parking spaces on the roadsides which are fine if you just want to stay for an hour or two（选项A）, but if you want to spend the day there it's better to park in one of the for underground carparks. 在Sheep market停车是很容易的。路边有很多的付费停车位，如果你只想停上一两个小时，这些就够了，不过如果你想停一天，最好还是停在四个地下停车场中的一个。
It's not expensive and if you can present a receipt from one of the local stores, you'll not be charged at all. 停车费不贵，而且如果你能出示在当地商店购物的收据，就不用付停车费了。
After six pm many of the car parks have a flat rate which varies but it is usually very reasonable. 下午6点过后很多停车位有着各自不同的统一费率，不过费用通常还算合理。
The Sheep market is one of the main centres for art and history in the whole of the country. Sheep market还是整个国家艺术和历史的主要中心之一。
If you look at our map, you'll see some of the main attractions there. Most visitors start from Crawley Road, at the bottom of the map. 看看我们的地图，就能发现一些主要的游览胜地。大多数游客从地图底部的Crawley路出发。
The Reynolds House is one of the oldest houses in the city, and is open to the public. Reynolds House是城市里最古老的房子之一，对公众开放。
It's on the north side of Crawley Road, next to the footpath that leads to the public gardens. 它在Crawley路的北边，挨着通往公共花园的人行道。
The area's particularly interesting for its unusual sculptures. 'The Thumb' is just what its name suggests, but it's about 10 metres high. You'll see it on Hill Road, across the road from the Bank. 这片区域里那些不同寻常的雕塑尤其有趣。“大拇指”雕塑物如其名，只不过它有约10米高。它就在Hill路上银行的对面。
The Museum's got a particularly fine collection of New Zealand landscapes. 博物馆里有新西兰风景画的精美藏品。
It's on the east side of the Sheep market, on City Road. It's on the other side of the road from the public gardens, immediately facing the junction with Hill Road. 它在Sheep market的东边，城市路上。就在公共花园的对面，正对着城市路和 Hill 路的交叉口。
The Contemporary Art Gallery is on a little road that leads off Station Square, not far from the public gardens. 当代艺术画廊在一条小路上，离公共花园不远，这条小路始于Station广场。
The road ends at the gallery - it doesn't go anywhere else. That's open every day except Mondays. 路的尽头就是画廊，没有其他地方了。画廊除周一每天都开。
The Warner Gallery specialises in 19th-century art. It's on City Road, near the junction with Crawley Road, on the same side of the road as the public gardens. Warner画廊专注于19世纪的艺术。它在城市路上，靠近城市路与Crawley路的交叉口，跟公共花园在路的同一边。
It's open on weekdays from 9 to 5, and entry is free. 画廊于工作日的9点到5点开放，无需门票。
Finally, if you're interested in purchasing high quality artwork, the place to go is Nucleus. Warner最后，如果你对购买高质量的艺术品感兴趣，就应该去Nucleus.
You need to go from Crawley Road up through Station Square and east along Hill Road until you get to a small winding road turning off. 从Crawley路出发穿过Station广场，再沿着Hill路往东走一直到一条弯弯曲曲的小路再转弯。
Go up there and it's on your right - if you get to City Road you've gone too far. 沿着小路走，Nucleus就在你的右边，如果你走到了城市路，那你就走过了。