This lecture will be about the science of acoustics, the study of sound, in relation to urban environments such as cities. 本次讲座将讨论声学，也就是声音研究，以及它与城市等都市环境的关系。⭐️【acoustics = 声学】⭐️【in relation to = 关于；与……相关】
As an acoustic engineer myself, I think this is an area where we're likely to see great changes. 我本人是一名声学工程师，我认为这一领域很可能会发生巨大变化。⭐️【acoustic engineer = 声学工程师】
In the past, researching urban soundscapes was simple. 过去，研究城市声景相对简单。⭐️【soundscape = 声景；特定环境中的声音组合】
We measured levels of sound in decibels, so I used to take my sound meter and I measured the noise somewhere, and then I might ask a sample of people to say at what level the sound became annoying. 我们会用分贝来测量音量：我过去常带着声级计到某个地方测量噪声，然后请一组样本人群判断声音达到多少分贝时会令人感到烦扰。⭐️【decibel = 分贝】⭐️【sound meter = 声级计】⭐️【a sample of people = 一组样本人群】
With data like this, acoustic engineers have been able to build up what we call noise maps, maps of the sound environment. 利用这类数据，声学工程师得以逐步绘制所谓的“噪声地图”，也就是呈现声音环境的地图。⭐️【build up = 逐步建立；积累】⭐️【noise map = 噪声地图】
But actually these aren't a lot of use. 但实际上，这些地图的用处并不大。⭐️【not a lot of use = 用处不大】
What they do show is that the highest noise levels are generally on roads - well, that's not really very surprising. 它们确实能够显示的是，最高的噪声水平通常出现在道路上——不过，这其实并不令人意外。⭐️【what ... do show is that = ……确实显示的是（话语功能：强调）】
But there's quite a lot going on that these maps don't show, because they can't capture the complex way that sound varies over time. 但现实中还有许多情况是这些地图无法显示的，因为它们不能捕捉声音随时间发生变化的复杂方式。⭐️【there’s a lot going on = 存在许多正在发生的情况】⭐️【vary over time = 随时间变化】
So they ignore important issues such as the noise someone might hear from the open windows or gardens of their neighbours, and this sort of noise can be quite significant in summer. 因此，它们忽略了一些重要问题，例如人们可能从邻居敞开的窗户或花园里听到的噪声，而这类噪声在夏季可能相当明显。⭐️【significant = 相当明显的；不可忽视的】
We don't have any databases on this sort of information. 我们目前没有收录这类信息的数据库。
As well as that, these records of sound levels take no account of the fact that people vary in their perceptions of noise - so someone like me with years of working in acoustics might be very different from you in that regard. 此外，这些声级记录并没有考虑到人们对噪声的感知存在差异：像我这样拥有多年声学工作经验的人，在这方面的感受可能与你截然不同。⭐️【as well as that = 此外（话语功能：补充）】⭐️【take no account of = 没有考虑到】⭐️【vary in = 在……方面存在差异】⭐️【perception of noise = 对噪声的感知】⭐️【in that regard = 在那方面】
But anyway, even though these noise maps are fairly crude, they've been useful in providing information and raising awareness that noise matters, we need to deal with it and so it's a political matter. 不过，无论如何，尽管这些噪声地图相当粗略，它们仍有助于提供信息并提高人们对噪声问题重要性的认识：我们需要处理这一问题，因此它也属于政治议题。⭐️【even though = 尽管（话语功能：让步）】⭐️【crude = 粗略的；不精确的】⭐️【raise awareness = 提高认识】⭐️【noise matters = 噪声问题很重要】
And that's important - we need rules and regulations because noise can cause all sorts of problems. 这一点很重要——我们需要制定规章制度，因为噪声可能引发各种各样的问题。⭐️【rules and regulations = 规章制度】
Those of you who are city-dwellers know that things go on 24 hours a day, so city-dwellers often suffer from interrupted sleep. 在座生活在城市里的人都知道，城市每天24小时都在运转，因此城市居民经常出现睡眠中断的问题。⭐️【city-dweller = 城市居民】⭐️【interrupted sleep = 睡眠中断；睡眠不连续】
It's also known that noise can lead to a rise in levels of stress, due to physical changes in the body affecting the composition of the blood. 人们还知道，噪声会导致压力水平上升，这是因为身体发生的生理变化会影响血液成分。⭐️【lead to a rise in = 导致……上升】⭐️【the composition of the blood = 血液成分】
And there are other problems as well, for instance if schoolchildren don't have a quiet place to study their work will suffer. 此外还有其他问题，例如，如果学生没有安静的学习场所，他们的学业便会受到影响。⭐️【someone’s work suffers = 某人的学习／工作受到影响】
Now, one problem with decibel measurement is that it doesn't differentiate between different types of noise. 分贝测量存在的一个问题是，它无法区分不同类型的噪声。⭐️【differentiate between = 区分】
Some types of sounds that most people would probably think of as nice and relaxing might well score quite highly in decibel levels - think of the sound made by a fountain in a town square, for example. 有些声音虽然大多数人可能会觉得悦耳、令人放松，但按分贝计算却可能相当高——例如，可以想想城市广场上喷泉发出的声音。⭐️【think of something as = 将某事物视为……】⭐️【might well = 很可能】⭐️【score highly = 得分／测量值很高】
That's not necessarily something that we'd want to control or reduce. 这种声音并不一定是我们想要控制或降低的。⭐️【not necessarily = 未必；不一定（话语功能：限制判断）】
So maybe researchers should consider these sorts of sounds in urban design. 因此，研究人员或许应该在城市设计中考虑这类声音。
This is going to be tricky because just measuring decibel levels isn't going to help us here. 这会是一件棘手的事，因为仅仅测量分贝在这里并不能帮助我们。⭐️【tricky = 棘手的；难处理的】
Instead, many researchers are using social science techniques, studying people's emotional response to sound by using questionnaires and so on. 与之相对，许多研究人员正在采用社会科学的研究方法，通过问卷等手段研究人们对声音的情绪反应。⭐️【instead = 与之相对；而是（话语功能：替代）】⭐️【emotional response to = 对……的情绪反应】
So what exactly do people want to hear in an urban environment? 那么，人们究竟希望在城市环境中听到什么？
Some recent interdisciplinary research has come out with results that at first sight seem contradictory city needs to have a sense of activity, so it needs to be lively, with sounds like the clack of high heels on a pavement or the hiss of a coffee machine, but these mustn't be too intrusive because at the same time we need to be able to relax. 最近的一些跨学科研究得出了乍看之下相互矛盾的结果：城市需要让人感受到活力，因此必须有高跟鞋敲击人行道的嗒嗒声或咖啡机的嘶嘶声，从而显得热闹；但这些声音又不能过于扰人，因为与此同时，我们还需要能够放松。⭐️【interdisciplinary research = 跨学科研究】⭐️【come out with results = 得出研究结果】⭐️【at first sight = 乍看之下】⭐️【a sense of activity = 活跃感；充满活动的氛围】⭐️【intrusive = 扰人的；侵扰性的】⭐️【at the same time = 与此同时（话语功能：并列／对照）】
One of the major problems in achieving this will be getting architects and town planners to use the research. 实现这一目标的一大难题，是让建筑师和城市规划师真正运用这些研究成果。⭐️【town planner = 城市规划师】
Apart from studying the basics of acoustics, these people receive very little training in this area. 除了学习一些基础声学知识之外，这些专业人士几乎没有接受过这一领域的培训。⭐️【apart from = 除了……之外（话语功能：排除／补充）】
But in fact they should be regarding sound as an opportunity to add to the experience of urban living, whereas at present they tend to see it as something to be avoided or reduced as far as possible, or something that's just a job for engineers like the street drainage system. 但实际上，他们应该把声音视为丰富城市生活体验的机会；然而目前，他们往往将其看作一种应尽量避免或减少的东西，或者认为它像街道排水系统一样，只是工程师需要处理的工作。⭐️【regard something as = 将某事物视为……】⭐️【add to the experience of = 丰富……的体验】⭐️【whereas = 然而；而（话语功能：对比）】⭐️【as far as possible = 尽可能地】⭐️【drainage system = 排水系统】
What's needed is for noise in cities to be regarded as an aesthetic quality, as something that has the qualities of an art form. 我们需要做的是，将城市声音视为一种审美属性，视为一种具有艺术形式特质的事物。⭐️【aesthetic quality = 审美属性】⭐️【art form = 艺术形式】
If we acknowledge this, then we urgently need to know what governs it and how designers can work with it. 如果我们承认这一点，就迫切需要了解什么因素支配着城市声音，以及设计师应该如何利用它。⭐️【acknowledge = 承认；认可】⭐️【govern = 支配；决定】⭐️【work with = 利用并处理】
We need to develop a complex understanding of many factors. 我们需要深入理解众多复杂因素。
What is the relationship between sound and culture? 声音与文化之间存在什么关系？
What can we learn from disciplines such as psychology about the way that sound interacts with human development and social relationships, and the way that sound affects our thought and feelings? 对于声音如何与人类发展及社会关系相互作用，以及声音如何影响我们的思想和情感，我们能从心理学等学科中获得哪些认识？⭐️【discipline = 学科】⭐️【interact with = 与……相互作用】
Can we learn anything from physics about the nature of sound itself? 关于声音本身的性质，我们能否从物理学中获得一些认识？
Today's powerful technologies can also help us. 如今强大的技术也能为我们提供帮助。
To show us their ideas and help us to imagine the effect their buildings will have, architects and town planners already use virtual reality, but these programs are silent. 为了展示设计构想，并帮助我们想象建筑建成后会产生怎样的效果，建筑师和城市规划师已经开始使用虚拟现实技术，但这些程序没有声音。⭐️【virtual reality = 虚拟现实】
In the future such programs could use realistic sounds, meaning that soundscapes could be explored before being built. 未来，这类程序可以加入逼真的声音，这意味着人们可以在实际建造之前探索建筑的声景效果。⭐️【realistic sounds = 逼真的声音】
So hopefully, using the best technology we can lay our hands on, the city of the future will be a pleasure to the ears as well as the eyes. 因此，希望借助我们所能获得的最佳技术，未来的城市不仅能赏心，也能悦耳。⭐️【lay your hands on = 设法获得】⭐️【a pleasure to the ears = 听觉上的享受】⭐️【as well as = 不仅……也……（话语功能：补充／递进）】