Official: Hello, Tourist Information Centre, Mike speaking, how can I help you? 工作人员：你好，这里是游客信息中心，我是Mike，请问有什么可以帮你？
Woman: Oh, hi. 女士：哦，你好。
I wanted to find out about cookery classes. 我想了解一下烹饪课程。⭐️【find out about = 了解……的信息】⭐️【cookery class = 烹饪课】
I believe there are some one-day classes for tourists? 我听说这里有一些面向游客的一日课程，是吗？
Official: Well, they're open to everyone, but tourists are always welcome. 工作人员：这些课程面向所有人开放，不过也一直很欢迎游客参加。⭐️【be open to everyone = 面向所有人开放】
OK, let me give you some details of what's available. 好的，我来给你介绍一下目前有哪些课程可选。⭐️【what's available = 目前可供选择的事物】
There are several classes. 这里有好几种课程。
One very popular one is at the Food Studio. 其中很受欢迎的一门是在Food Studio开设的。
Official: They focus on seasonal products, and as well as teaching you how to cook them, they also show you how to choose them. 工作人员：他们主要教授如何处理时令食材；除了教你怎样烹饪，还会教你怎样挑选。⭐️【focus on = 重点关注】⭐️【seasonal products = 时令食材】⭐️【as well as doing = 除了做……还……（话语功能：补充）】
Woman: Right, that sounds good. 女士：好的，听起来不错。
How big are the classes? 每个班大概有多少人？
Official: I'm not sure exactly, but they'll be quite small. 工作人员：我不太清楚确切人数，不过班级规模会比较小。
Woman: And could I get a private lesson there?Official: I think so ... let me check, yes, they do offer those. 女士：我可以在那里上一对一课程吗？工作人员：我想可以……我确认一下，是的，他们确实提供一对一课程。 ⭐ ️【private lesson = 一对一课程；私人课程】
Though in fact most of the people who attend the classes find it's a nice way of getting to know one another. 不过事实上，大多数参加课程的人都觉得，这是一个相互认识的好机会。⭐️【though = 不过（话语功能：转折）】⭐️【get to know one another = 逐渐相互认识】
Woman: I suppose it must be, yes. 女士：我想确实如此。
Official: And this company has a special deal for clients where they offer a discount of 20 percent if you return for a further class. 工作人员：这家公司还为顾客提供一项特别优惠：如果回来参加另一门课程，就可以享受八折优惠。⭐️【special deal = 特别优惠】⭐️【offer a discount of 20 percent = 提供20%的折扣】⭐️【a further class = 另一门／后续课程】
Woman: OK. But you said there were several classes? 女士：好的。 不过你说还有其他课程，对吗？
Official: That's right. 工作人员：没错。
Another one you might be interested in is Bond's Cookery School. 另一家你可能感兴趣的是Bond's Cookery School。
They're quite new, they just opened six months ago, but I've heard good things about them. 这家学校很新，六个月前才开业，不过我听到过不少对它的好评。⭐️【hear good things about = 听到许多对……的好评】
They concentrate on teaching you to prepare healthy food, and they have quite a lot of specialist staff. 他们专门教授如何制作健康食品，而且拥有不少专业人员。⭐️【concentrate on doing = 专注于做……】⭐️【specialist staff = 专业人员】
Woman: So is that food for people on a diet and things like that? 女士：所以，这指的是为节食者准备的食物之类的吗？⭐️【be on a diet = 节食；控制饮食】
I don't know if I'd be interested in that. 我不确定自己是否会对此感兴趣。
Official: Well, I don't think they particularly focus on low calorie diets or weight loss. 工作人员：我认为他们并不是特别关注低热量饮食或减重。⭐️【low calorie diet = 低热量饮食】⭐️【weight loss = 减重】
It's more to do with recipes that look at specific needs, like including ingredients that will help build up your bones and make them stronger, that sort of thing. 课程更多涉及针对特定营养需求的食谱，例如加入有助于强健骨骼的食材，诸如此类。⭐️【be to do with = 与……有关】⭐️【specific needs = 特定需求】⭐️【build up your bones = 强健骨骼】⭐️【that sort of thing = 诸如此类的事情】
Woman: I see. Well, I might be interested, I'm not sure. 女士：明白了。我或许会感兴趣，不过还不确定。
Do they have a website I could check? 他们有可以查看的网站吗？
Official: Yes, just key in the name of the school - it'll come up. 工作人员：有，只要输入学校的名称，相关网站就会显示出来。⭐️【key in = 键入；输入】⭐️【come up = 出现在搜索结果中】
And if you want to know more about them, every Thursday evening they have a lecture at the school. 如果你想进一步了解他们，学校每周四晚上都会举办一场讲座。
It's free and you don't need to book or anything, just turn up at 7:30. 讲座是免费的，也不需要预约之类的，只要晚上7点30分直接到场就可以。⭐️【turn up = 到场；出现】
And that might give you an idea of whether you want to go to an actual class. 这样或许能帮助你判断自己是否真的想参加正式课程。⭐️【give someone an idea of = 让某人对……有所了解】
Official: OK, there's one more place you might be interested in. 工作人员：好的，还有一家你可能会感兴趣的机构。
That's got a rather strange name, it's called The Arretsa Centre - that's spelled A-R-R-E-T-S-A. 它的名字有些奇怪，叫作The Arretsa Centre，拼写是A-R-R-E-T-S-A。
Woman: OK. 女士：好的。
Official: They've got a very good reputation. 工作人员：他们享有很好的声誉。⭐️【have a good reputation = 享有良好声誉】
They do a bit of meat and fish cookery but they mostly specialise in vegetarian dishes. 他们也教授少量肉类和鱼类菜肴的烹饪，不过主要专攻素食菜肴。⭐️【specialise in = 专门从事；专攻】⭐️【vegetarian dish = 素菜；素食菜肴】
Woman: Right. That's certainly an area I'd like to learn more about. 女士：好的。这确实是我想进一步了解的领域。
I've got lots of friends who don't eat meat. 我有很多朋友不吃肉。
In fact, I think I might have seen that school today. 事实上，我觉得自己今天可能见过那所学校。⭐️【in fact = 事实上（话语功能：补充说明）】
Is it just by the market?Official: That's right. 它就在市场旁边吗？工作人员：没错。
So they don't have any problem getting their ingredients. 因此，他们采购食材不会遇到任何困难。
They're right next door. 他们就在市场隔壁。⭐️【right next door = 就在隔壁】
And they also offer a special two-hour course in how to use a knife. 他们还提供一门特别的两小时课程，专门教授如何使用刀具。
They cover all the different skills - buying them, sharpening, chopping techniques. 课程涵盖各种相关技能，包括选购刀具、磨刀以及切配技巧。⭐️【cover = 涵盖；涉及】⭐️【sharpening = 磨刀】⭐️【chopping techniques = 切配技巧】
It gets booked up quickly though so you'd need to check it was available. 不过这门课程很快就会被订满，所以你需要确认是否还有名额。⭐️【get booked up = 被预订一空】⭐️【though = 不过（话语功能：转折）】
Woman: Right, well thank you very much. 女士：好的，非常感谢。
I'll go and ... 我会去……