Hi. Today we're going to be looking at animals in urban environments and I'm going to be telling you about some research on how they're affected by these environments. 大家好。今天我们将了解生活在城市环境中的动物，并讨论一些关于它们如何受到这类环境影响的研究。
Now, in evolutionary terms, urban environments represent huge upheavals, the sorts of massive changes that usually happen over millions of years. 从进化的角度来说，城市环境意味着剧烈的变动，而这种大规模变化通常要经过数百万年才会发生。⭐️【in evolutionary terms = 从进化的角度来说】⭐️【upheaval = 剧变；巨大的动荡】
And we used to think that only a few species could adapt to this new environment. 我们过去认为，只有少数物种能够适应这种新环境。⭐️【adapt to = 适应】
One species which is well known as being highly adaptable is the crow, and there've been various studies about how they manage to learn new skills. 众所周知，乌鸦是一种适应能力极强的动物；人们已经开展了多项研究，探究它们如何学会新技能。⭐️【highly adaptable = 适应能力极强的】
Another successful species is the pigeon, because they're able to perch on ledges on the walls of city buildings, just like they once perched on cliffs by the sea. 另一个成功适应城市生活的物种是鸽子，因为它们可以栖息在城市建筑外墙的突出边缘上，就像过去栖息在海边的悬崖上一样。⭐️【perch on = 栖息在……上】⭐️【ledge = 墙壁等表面的突出边缘】
But in fact, we're now finding that these early immigrants were just the start of a more general movement of animals into cities, and of adaptation by these animals to city life. 但事实上，我们现在发现，这些早期迁入城市的动物只是一个更普遍趋势的开端：越来越多的动物开始进入城市，并逐渐适应城市生活。⭐️【in fact = 事实上（话语功能：修正／强化）】⭐️【early immigrant = 早期迁入者】
And one thing that researchers are finding especially interesting is the speed with which they're doing this - we're not talking about gradual evolution here - these animals are changing fast. 研究人员尤其感兴趣的一点，是这些动物适应城市的速度——这里所说的并不是渐进式进化，而是动物正在迅速发生变化。⭐️【gradual evolution = 渐进式进化】⭐️【the speed with which = ……的速度】
Let me tell you about some of the studies that have been carried out in this area. 下面我来介绍这一领域已经开展的几项研究。⭐️【carry out a study = 开展研究】
So, in the University of Minnesota, a biologist called Emilie Snell-Rood and her colleagues looked at specimens of urbanised small mammals such as mice and gophers that had been collected in Minnesota, and that are now kept in museums there. 在明尼苏达大学，一位名叫Emilie Snell-Rood的生物学家及其同事研究了在明尼苏达州采集、现收藏于当地博物馆的城市化小型哺乳动物标本，例如老鼠和囊地鼠。⭐️【specimen = 标本】⭐️【urbanised = 城市化的】⭐️【gopher = 囊地鼠】
And she looked at specimens that had been collected over the last hundred years, which is a very short time in evolutionary terms. 她研究的是过去一百年间采集的标本，而从进化角度来看，一百年是一段非常短的时间。
And she found that during that time, these small mammals had experienced a jump in brain size when compared to rural mammals. 她发现，与乡村地区的哺乳动物相比，这些小型哺乳动物的脑容量在此期间出现了显著增长。⭐️【a jump in = ……的显著增长】⭐️【rural mammals = 乡村地区的哺乳动物】
Now, we can't be sure this means they're more intelligent, but since the sizes of other parts of the body didn't change, it does suggest that something cognitive was going on. 我们无法确定这是否意味着它们变得更聪明，但由于身体其他部位的大小并未发生变化，这的确表明其认知能力可能正在出现某种改变。⭐️【cognitive = 与认知有关的】⭐️【be going on = 正在发生】
And Snell-Rood thinks that this change might reflect the cognitive demands of adjusting to city life - having to look in different places to find food, for example, and coping with a whole new set of dangers. Snell-Rood认为，这种变化可能反映了适应城市生活所提出的认知要求，例如动物必须到不同的地方寻找食物，并应对一整套全新的危险。⭐️【cognitive demands = 认知要求】⭐️【adjust to = 适应】⭐️【cope with = 应对】⭐️【a whole new set of = 一整套全新的……】
Then over in Germany at the Max Planck Institute, there's another biologist called Catarina Miranda who's done some experiments with blackbirds living in urban and rural areas. 在德国马克斯·普朗克研究所，另一位名叫Catarina Miranda的生物学家对生活在城市和乡村地区的乌鸫进行了一些实验。⭐️【blackbird = 乌鸫】
And she's been looking not at their anatomy but at their behaviour. 她研究的不是乌鸫的身体结构，而是它们的行为。⭐️【anatomy = 身体结构；解剖构造】⭐️【not ... but ... = 不是……而是……（话语功能：对比／修正）】
So as you might expect, she's found that the urban blackbirds tend to be quite bold - they're prepared to face up to a lot of threats that would frighten away their country counterparts. 正如你可能预料的那样，她发现城市乌鸫往往相当大胆：它们敢于直面许多会把乡村同类吓跑的威胁。⭐️【as you might expect = 正如你可能预料的那样（话语功能：引出预期结果）】⭐️【face up to = 勇敢面对】⭐️【frighten away = 吓跑】⭐️【counterpart = 对应的人或事物；同类】
But there's one type of situation that does seem to frighten the urban blackbirds, and that's anything new - anything they haven't experienced before. 不过，确实有一种情况似乎会让城市乌鸫感到害怕，那就是任何新事物——任何它们以前没有经历过的事物。
And if you think about it, that's quite sensible for a bird living in the city. 仔细想想，对于生活在城市中的鸟类而言，这其实十分合理。
Jonathan Atwell, in Indiana University, is looking at how a range of animals respond to urban environments. 印第安纳大学的Jonathan Atwell正在研究多种动物如何对城市环境作出反应。⭐️【a range of = 多种；一系列】⭐️【respond to = 对……作出反应】
He's found that when they're under stress, their endocrine systems react by reducing the amount of hormones such as corticosterone into their blood. 他发现，当这些动物承受压力时，它们的内分泌系统会作出反应，减少进入血液的皮质酮等激素。⭐️【be under stress = 承受压力】⭐️【endocrine system = 内分泌系统】⭐️【corticosterone = 皮质酮】
It's a sensible-seeming adaptation. 这似乎是一种合理的适应性变化。⭐️【sensible-seeming = 看似合理的】
A rat that gets scared every time a subway train rolls past won't be very successful. 如果每次地铁驶过都会受到惊吓，一只老鼠便很难在城市中生存下去。⭐️【roll past = 驶过】
There's just one more study I'd like to mention which is by Sarah Partan and her team, and they've been looking at how squirrels communicate in an urban environment, and they've found that a routine part of their communication is carried out by waving their tails. 我还想再介绍一项由Sarah Partan及其团队开展的研究。他们一直在研究松鼠如何在城市环境中交流，并发现摇动尾巴是松鼠日常交流的一部分。⭐️【a routine part of = ……的常规组成部分】⭐️【be carried out by = 通过……来完成】
You do also see this in the country, but it's much more prevalent in cities, possibly because it's effective in a noisy environment. 在乡村确实也能看到这种行为，但它在城市中要普遍得多，这可能是因为它在嘈杂环境中十分有效。⭐️【prevalent = 普遍存在的；盛行的】
So what are the long-term implications of this? 那么，这些变化会产生什么长期影响呢？⭐️【long-term implications = 长期影响】
One possibility is that we may see completely new species developing in cities. 一种可能性是，我们或许会看到全新的物种在城市中演化形成。
But on the other hand, it's possible that not all of these adaptations will be permanent. 但另一方面，这些适应性变化也可能并非全都会永久保留下来。⭐️【on the other hand = 但另一方面（话语功能：对照）】⭐️【permanent = 永久的】
Once the animal's got accustomed to its new environment, it may no longer need the features it's developed. 一旦动物习惯了新环境，它可能就不再需要自己已经形成的这些特征。⭐️【get accustomed to = 习惯于】⭐️【no longer = 不再】
So, now we've had a look ... 好了，我们现在已经了解了……