Good evening everyone. My name's Phil Sutton, and I'm chairman of the Highways Committee. We've called this meeting to inform members of the public about the new regulations for traffic and parking we're proposing for Granford.	大家晚上好。我叫Phil Sutton，是公路委员会的主席。我们召开这次会议是为了向公众通报我们为Granford提出的交通和停车新规。
I'll start by summarising these changes before we open the meeting to questions.	在进入提问环节之前，我先简单概括一下这些调整。
So, why do we need to make these changes to traffic systems in Granford? Well, we're very aware that traffic is becoming an increasing problem.	那么，我们为什么需要对Granford的交通系统进行调整呢？因为我们已经明显意识到，交通问题正变得越来越严重。
It's been especially noticeable with the increase in heavy traffic while they've been building the new hospital.	尤其是在新医院建设期间，大型车辆增加带来的影响格外明显。（这里不是“在建造新医院的同时”，而是“随着医院建设工程开展”。）
But it's the overall rise in the volume of traffic of all kinds that's concerning us.	不过，更让我们担忧的是各类车辆总流量的整体上升。
To date there's not been any increase in traffic accidents, but that's not something we want to see happen, obviously.	截至目前，交通事故数量还没有增加，但显然，我们也不希望这种情况发生。
We recently carried out a survey of local residents, and their responses were interesting.	最近我们对当地居民进行了一项调查，调查结果相当值得关注。
People were very concerned about the lack of visibility on some roads due to cars parked along the sides of the roads.	许多居民反映，由于道路两侧停放着车辆，部分路段的视线受到严重影响。（visibility这里更接近“视线”“视野”，而不是“能见度”。）
We'd expected complaints about the congestion near the school when parents are dropping off their children or picking them up, but this wasn't top of the list, 原本我们以为，家长接送孩子时学校周边的交通拥堵会成为居民最主要的抱怨。不过这一原因并非榜首。
and nor were noise and fumes from trucks and lorries, though they were mentioned by some people.	至于货车和卡车产生的噪音以及尾气污染，也有人提到，但都不是最突出的问题。
We think these new traffic regulations would make a lot of difference. But we still have a long way to go.	我们相信，这些新的交通管理措施能够带来明显改善。不过，还有许多工作有待推进。
We've managed to keep our proposals within budget, just, so they can be covered by the Council. 我们总算把方案控制在预算范围之内，因此相关费用可以由市议会承担。
But, of course, it's no good introducing new regulations if we don't have a way of making sure that everyone obeys them, 不过，仅仅出台新规定是不够的，我们还必须确保大家能够遵守这些规定。
and that's an area we're still working on with the help of representatives from the police force.	而且，在警方代表的协助下，我们仍在研究具体的执行和监管措施。
OK, so this slide shows a map of the central area of Granford, with the High Street in the middle and School Road on the right.	请大家看这张幻灯片。这是Granford市中心区域的地图，中间是High Street，右侧是School Road。
Now, we already have a set of traffic lights in the High Street at the junction with Station Road, but we're planning to have another set at the other end, at the School Road junction, to regulate the flow of traffic along the High Street. 现在，我们已经在High Street与Station Road交叉口设有一组交通灯，但我们计划在另一端，也就是School Road交叉口，再安装一组，以调节High Street上的交通流量。⭐ a set of traffic lights —— 一组交通灯｜at the junction with... —— 在与……的交叉口｜at the other end —— 在另一端｜regulate the flow of traffic —— 调节交通流量
We've decided we definitely need a pedestrian crossing. 我们已经决定，肯定需要设置一个人行横道。⭐ decide we need sth —— 决定需要某物｜pedestrian crossing —— 人行横道
We considered putting this on School Road, just outside the school,&nbsp; 我们曾考虑把它设置在School Road上，就在学校外面， ⭐ consider doing sth —— 考虑做某事｜just outside... —— 就在……外面
but in the end we decided that could lead to a lot of traffic congestion so we decided to locate it on the High Street, crossing the road in front of the supermarket. 但最终我们认为这样可能会导致严重交通拥堵，所以决定把它设在High Street上，横穿超市前面的道路。 ⭐ in the end —— 最终｜lead to —— 导致｜traffic congestion —— 交通拥堵｜locate sth on... —— 将某物设置在……｜in front of —— 在……前面
That's a very busy area, so it should help things there. 那是一个非常繁忙的区域，所以这样应该能改善那里的情况。⭐ busy area —— 繁忙区域｜help things —— 改善情况（口语表达）
We're proposing some changes to parking. At present, parking isn't allowed on the High Street outside the library, but we're going to change that, and allow parking there, but not at the other end of the High Street near School Road. 我们正在提出一些停车方面的调整。目前，在图书馆外面的High Street上是不允许停车的，但我们将改变这一点，允许在那里停车，不过High Street靠近School Road的另一端仍然不允许停车。⭐ propose changes to sth —— 提出对某事的调整｜at present —— 目前｜parking isn't allowed —— 不允许停车｜allow parking —— 允许停车｜the other end of... —— ……另一端
There'll be a new 'No Parking' sign on School Road, just by the entrance to the school, forbidding parking for 25 metres.&nbsp; School Road上将在学校入口旁设置一个新的"禁止停车"标志，禁止停车范围为25米。 ⭐ No Parking sign —— 禁止停车标志｜just by —— 就在……旁边｜entrance to... —— ……入口｜forbid parking —— 禁止停车
This should improve visibility for drivers and pedestrians, especially on the bend just to the north of the school.&nbsp; 这应该能改善司机和行人的视线，尤其是在学校正北方附近的弯道处。 ⭐ improve visibility —— 提高可见度｜bend —— 弯道｜to the north of... —— 在……北方
As far as disabled drivers are concerned, at present they have parking outside the supermarket,&nbsp; 至于残疾司机，目前他们可以在超市外停车， ⭐ as far as... are concerned —— 就……而言
but lorries also use those spaces, so we've got two new disabled parking spaces on the side road up towards the bank. 但卡车也使用那些车位，所以我们在通往银行方向的支路上设置了两个新的残疾人停车位。 ⭐ disabled drivers —— 残疾司机｜at present —— 目前｜parking spaces —— 停车位｜side road —— 支路｜up towards... —— 朝……方向
It's not ideal, but probably better than the present arrangement.&nbsp; 这并不是最理想的方案，但可能比目前的安排更好。 ⭐ not ideal —— 不理想的｜present arrangement —— 当前安排
We also plan to widen the pavement on School Road. 我们还计划拓宽School Road上的人行道。 ⭐ widen the pavement —— 拓宽人行道
We think we can manage to get an extra half-metre on the bend just before you get to the school, on the same side of the road. 我们认为可以在到达学校之前的那个弯道处，在道路同一侧增加半米宽度。⭐ manage to do sth —— 设法做到某事｜extra half-metre —— 额外半米｜just before... —— 就在……之前｜the same side of the road —— 道路同一侧
Finally, we've introduced new restrictions on loading and unloading for the supermarket, so lorries will only be allowed to stop there before 8 am. 最后，我们针对超市装货和卸货引入了新的限制，因此卡车只能在上午8点之前在那里停靠。⭐ introduce restrictions on... —— 对……实施限制｜loading and unloading —— 装货和卸货｜be allowed to do sth —— 被允许做某事｜before 8 am —— 上午8点之前
That's the supermarket on School Road - we kept to the existing arrangements with the High Street supermarket. 那是School Road上的超市——对于High Street上的超市，我们保持了原有安排。⭐ keep to sth —— 保持；遵守｜existing arrangements —— 现有安排
OK. So that's about it. Now, would anyone ... 好的，差不多就是这些。那么，有人……⭐ that's about it —— 差不多就是这些了