Thanks for coming everyone. OK, so this meeting is for new staff and staff who haven't been involved with our volunteering projects yet. 谢谢大家的到来。好的，这个会议是为新员工和那些还没有参与我们的志愿者项目的员工准备的。
So basically, the idea is that we allow staff to give up some of their work time to help on various charity projects to benefit the local community. 所以基本上，我们的想法是，我们允许员工放弃一些工作时间来帮助各种慈善项目来造福当地社区。
We've been doing this for the last five years and it's been very successful. 我们在过去的五年里一直在做这件事，而且非常成功。
Participating doesn't necessarily involve a huge time commitment. The company will pay for eight hours of your time. 参与不一定要投入大量的时间。公司将支付你八小时的工资。
That can be used over one or two days all at once, or spread over several months throughout the year. 它可以一次使用一到两天，也可以在一年中使用几个月。
There are some staff who enjoy volunteering so much they also give up their own free time for a couple of hours every week. 有一些员工非常喜欢做志愿者，他们也放弃了自己的空闲时间每周几个小时。
It's completely up to you. Obviously, many people will have family commitments and aren't as available as other members of staff. 这完全取决于你。很明显，很多人会有家庭责任，不像其他员工那样有空。
Feedback from staff has been overwhelmingly positive. 来自员工的反馈非常积极。
Because they felt they were doing something really useful, nearly everyone agreed that volunteering made them feel more motivated at work. 因为他们觉得自己在做一些真正有用的事情，几乎所有人都认为志愿活动让他们在工作中更有动力。
They also liked building relationships with the people in the local community and felt valued by them. One or two people also said it was a good thing to have on their CVs. 他们也喜欢与当地社区的人建立关系，并感到被他们重视。有一到两个人也说，在他们的简历上有这样的东西是件好事。
One particularly successful project last year was the Get Working Project. 去年一个特别成功的项目是Get Working项目。
This was aimed at helping unemployed people in the area get back to work. 这是为了帮助该地区的失业者重返工作岗位。
Our staff were able to help them improve their telephone skills, such as writing down messages and speaking with confidence to potential customers, which they had found quite difficult. 我们的员工能够帮助他们提高他们的电话技能，例如写留言和信心十足地与潜在客户交谈，而这对他们来说是相当困难的。
This is something many employers look for in job applicants - and something we all do without even thinking about, every day at work. 这是许多雇主在求职者身上寻找的东西——也是我们每天在工作中甚至都没有考虑过的事情。
We've got an exciting new project starting this year. Up until now, we've mainly focused on projects to do with education and training. 我们今年开始了一个令人兴奋的新项目。到目前为止，我们主要专注于教育和培训项目。
And we'll continue with our reading project in schools and our work with local charities. 我们将继续我们在学校的阅读项目和我们与当地慈善机构的合作。
But we've also agreed to help out on a conservation project in Redfern Park. 但我们也同意在红蕨公园的一个保护项目上提供帮助。
So if any of you fancy being outside and getting your hands dirty, this is the project for you. 所以如果你们中有谁喜欢到外面去亲力亲为，这就是你们的项目。
I also want to mention the annual Digital Inclusion Day, which is coming up next month. The aim of this is to help older people keep up with technology. 我还想提到下个月即将举行的一年一度的“数码共融日”。这样做的目的是帮助老年人跟上科技的发展。
And this year, instead of hosting the event in our own training facility, we're using the ICT suite at Hill College, as it can hold far more people. 今年，我们不再在我们自己的培训机构举办这次活动，而是使用希尔学院的信息与计算机技术中心，因为它可以容纳更多的人。
We've invited over 60 people from the Silver Age Community Centre to take part, so we'll need a lot of volunteers to help with this event. 我们邀请了60多名来自银器时代社区中心的人参加，所以我们需要很多志愿者来帮助这个活动。
If you're interested in taking part, please go to the volunteering section of our website and complete the relevant form. 如果你有兴趣参加，请到我们网站的志愿者板块填写相关表格。
We won't be providing any training for this but you'll be paired with an experienced volunteer if you've never done it before. 我们不会为此提供任何培训，但如果你以前从未做过，我们会为你安排一位经验丰富的志愿者。
By the way, don't forget to tell your manager about any volunteering activities you decide to do. 顺便说一下，不要忘记告诉你的经理你决定做的任何志愿活动。
The participants on the Digital Inclusion Day really benefited. The majority were in their seventies, though some were younger and a few were even in their nineties! 数码共融日的参与者确实获益匪浅。大多数人都70多岁了，虽然有些人年轻些，而有些人甚至已经90多岁了！
Quite a few owned both a computer and a mobile phone, but these tended to be outdated models. 不少人同时拥有电脑和手机，但这些都是过时的款式。
They generally knew how to do simple things, like send texts, but weren't aware of recent developments in mobile phone technology. 他们一般都知道如何做简单的事情，比如发短信，但不知道手机技术的最新发展。
A few were keen to learn but most were quite dismissive at first - they couldn't see the point of updating their skills. But that soon changed. 一些人热衷于学习，但大多数人一开始都很不屑——他们看不到更新技能的意义。但这种情况很快就改变了。
The feedback was very positive. 这个活动有非常积极的反响。
The really encouraging thing was that participants all said they felt much more confident about using social media to keep in touch with their grandchildren, who prefer this form of communication to phoning or sending emails. 真正令人鼓舞的是，所有参与者都表示，他们更有信心使用社交媒体与孙辈保持联系了，孙辈更喜欢这种沟通方式，而不是打电话或发电子邮件。
A lot of them also said playing online games would help them make new friends and keep their brains active. 许多人还说玩网络游戏可以帮助他们结交新朋友，保持大脑活跃。
They weren't that impressed with being able to order their groceries online, as they liked going out to the shops, but some said it would come in handy if they were ill or the weather was really bad. 他们对能够在网上订购食品并不感兴趣，因为他们喜欢去商店，但一些人表示，如果他们生病了，或者天气真的很糟糕，网上购物就会派上用场。
One thing they asked about was using tablets for things like reading newspapers - some people had been given tablets as presents but had never used them, so that's something we'll make sure we include this time ... 他们问的一件事是使用平板电脑来阅读报纸——有些人收到平板电脑作为礼物，但从未使用过，所以这次我们一定要把这一点包括进去......