TUTOR: OK, Jim. You wanted to see me about your textile design project. 导师：好的，Jim。你想找我谈谈你的纺织品设计项目。⭐️【textile design = 纺织品设计】
JIM: That's right. I've been looking at how a range of natural dyes can be used to colour fabrics like cotton and wool.&nbsp; Jim：是的。我一直在研究如何用各种天然染料给棉、羊毛等织物染色。 ⭐ ️【natural dyes = 天然染料】⭐️【fabric = 织物；布料】
TUTOR: Why did you choose that topic? 导师：你为什么选择这个主题？
JIM: Well, I got a lot of useful ideas from the museum, you know, at that exhibition of textiles.&nbsp; Jim：嗯，我从博物馆获得了许多有用的想法，就是那次纺织品展览。
But I've always been interested in anything to do with colour. Years ago, I went to a carpet shop with my parents when we were on holiday in Turkey, and I remember all the amazing colours.&nbsp; 不过，我一直对任何与色彩有关的事物都很感兴趣。多年前，我和父母在土耳其度假时去过一家地毯店，我还记得那些令人惊艳的色彩。 ⭐ new_word: 释义
TUTOR: They might not all have been natural dyes. 导师：那些颜色可能并不全是用天然染料染出来的。
JIM: Maybe not, but for the project I decided to follow it up. And I found a great book about a botanic garden in California that specialises in plants used for dyes.&nbsp; Jim：也许不是，但为了这个项目，我决定进一步研究。我还找到了一本很棒的书，介绍加利福尼亚州的一座植物园，那里专门种植可用来制作染料的植物。 ⭐ ️【follow something up = 对某事作进一步研究／追踪】⭐️【botanic garden = 植物园】
TUTOR: OK. So, in your project, you had to include a practical investigation. 导师：好的。那么，你的项目需要包含一项实际的实验研究。⭐️【practical investigation = 实际操作的研究；实验探究】
JIM: Yeah. At first I couldn't decide on my variables. I was going to just look at one type of fibre for example, like cotton ...&nbsp; Jim：是的。最初我无法确定实验变量。我原本打算只研究一种纤维，比如棉…… ⭐ ️【variable = 变量】⭐️【fibre = 纤维】
TUTOR: ... and see how different types of dyes affected it? 导师：……看看不同种类的染料对它有什么影响？
JIM: Yes. Then I decided to include others as well, so I looked at cotton and wool and nylon.&nbsp; 对。后来我决定也加入其他纤维，所以研究了棉、羊毛和尼龙。 ⭐ ️【nylon = 尼龙】
TUTOR: With just one type of dye? 导师：只用一种染料吗？
JIM: Various types, including some that weren't natural, for comparison. &nbsp;Jim：用了多种染料，也包括一些非天然染料，用来作比较。 ⭐ ️【for comparison = 用于比较】
TUTOR: OK. 导师：好的。
JIM: So, I did the experiments last week. I used some ready-made natural dyes, I found a website which supplied them, they came in just a few days, but I also made some of my own.&nbsp; Jim：所以，我上周做了这些实验。我用了一些现成的天然染料，找到了一家供应这些染料的网站，几天就送到了，不过我也自己制作了一些。 ⭐ ️【ready-made = 现成的】
TUTOR: That must have taken quite a bit of time. 导师：那肯定花了不少时间。
JIM: Yes, I'd thought it'd just be a matter of a teaspoon or so of dye, and actually that wasn't the case at all. Like I was using one vegetable, beetroot, for a red dye, and I had to chop up a whole pile of it.&nbsp; 是的，我原以为只需要一茶匙左右的染料，但实际情况完全不是这样。比如，我用甜菜根这种蔬菜制作红色染料，就不得不切碎一大堆。因此， ⭐ ️【be a matter of = 只需；只是……的问题】⭐️【beetroot = 甜菜根】⭐️【chop up = 切碎】
So it all took longer than I'd expected.&nbsp; 整个过程比我预想的更费时间。 ⭐ 
TUTOR: One possibility is to use food colourings. 导师：一种办法是使用食用色素。⭐️【food colouring = 食用色素】
JIM: I did use one. That was a yellow dye, an artificial one.&nbsp; Jim：我确实用了一种，是一种黄色的人工合成染料。
TUTOR: Tartrazine? 导师：柠檬黄吗？⭐️【tartrazine = 柠檬黄（一种人工合成色素）】
JIM: Yeah. I used it on cotton first. It came out a great colour, but when I rinsed the material, the colour just washed away.&nbsp; &nbsp;Jim：对。我先用它给棉布染色，染出来的颜色很漂亮，但一漂洗布料，颜色就被洗掉了。 ⭐ ️【rinse = 漂洗；冲洗】
I'd been going to try it out on nylon, but I abandoned that idea. 我原本打算再用尼龙试试，但后来放弃了这个想法。 ⭐ 【try something out = 试用；试验】
TUTOR: Were you worried about health issues? 导师：你是担心健康方面的问题吗？
JIM: I'd thought if it's a legal food colouring, it must be safe. Jim：我当时觉得，既然它是获准使用的食用色素，就一定是安全的。
TUTOR: Well, it can occasionally cause allergic reactions, I believe. 导师：嗯，我想它偶尔会引起过敏反应。⭐️【allergic reaction = 过敏反应】
TUTOR: So what natural dyes did you look at? 导师：那么，你研究了哪些天然染料？
JIM: Well, one was turmeric. The colour's great, it's a really strong yellow. It's generally used in dishes like curry.&nbsp; Jim：嗯，其中一种是姜黄。它的颜色很漂亮，是一种非常浓烈的黄色。通常用在咖喱之类的菜肴中。 ⭐ ️【turmeric = 姜黄】
TUTOR: It's meant to be quite good for your health when eaten, but you might find it's not permanent when it's used as a dye - a few washes, and it's gone. 导师：据说吃姜黄对健康很有好处，但你可能会发现，把它用作染料时，颜色并不持久——洗几次就没了。⭐️【be meant to be = 据说是；被认为是】
JIM: Right. I used beetroot as a dye for wool. When I chop up beetroot to eat I always end up with bright red hands, but the wool ended up just a sort of watery cream shade. Disappointing.&nbsp; Jim：明白。我用甜菜根给羊毛染色。每次切甜菜根来吃时，我的双手最后总会变得鲜红，但羊毛最终却只染成了一种很淡的奶油色。真令人失望。 ⭐ ️【end up with = 最后得到；最终变成】⭐️【watery = 颜色淡薄的】⭐️【shade = 色调】
TUTOR: There's a natural dye called Tyrian purple. Have you heard of that? 导师：有一种天然染料叫泰尔紫。你听说过吗？⭐️【Tyrian purple = 泰尔紫；骨螺紫】
JIM: Yes. It comes from a shellfish, and it was worn in ancient times but only by important people as it was so rare. I didn't use it.&nbsp; Jim：听说过。它来自一种贝类。古代有人穿用它染色的衣服，但因为非常稀有，只有身份显赫的人才能穿。我没有用这种染料。 ⭐ ️【shellfish = 贝类；有壳水生动物】
TUTOR: It fell out of use centuries ago, though one researcher managed to get hold of some recently. But that shade of purple can be produced by chemical dyes nowadays.&nbsp; 导师：几个世纪前，它就不再被使用了，不过最近有一位研究人员设法弄到了一些。但如今，用化学染料也能染出那种紫色。 ⭐ ️【fall out of use = 逐渐不再使用】⭐️【get hold of = 设法获得；弄到】
Did you use any black dyes? 你使用过黑色染料吗？ ⭐ 
JIM: Logwood. That was quite complicated. I had to prepare the fabric so the dye would take. &nbsp;Jim：用了洋苏木染料。过程相当复杂。我必须先对织物进行处理，染料才能上色。 ⭐ ️【logwood = 洋苏木；洋苏木染料】⭐️【the dye takes = 染料着色成功；染料附着上去】
TUTOR: I hope you were careful to wear gloves. 导师：希望你注意戴了手套。
JIM: Yes. I know the danger with that dye.&nbsp; &nbsp;Jim：戴了。我知道那种染料的危险性。
TUTOR: Good. It can be extremely dangerous if it's ingested.&nbsp; 导师：很好。如果摄入体内，它可能非常危险。 ⭐ ️【ingest = 摄入；吞入】
Now, presumably you had a look at an insect-based dye? Like cochineal, for example? 那么，我猜你也研究过以昆虫为原料的染料吧？比如胭脂虫染料？ ⭐ 【cochineal = 胭脂虫；胭脂虫红染料】
JIM: Yes. I didn't actually make that, I didn't have time to start crushing up insects to get the red colour and anyway they're not available here, but I managed to get the dye quite easily from a website.&nbsp; Jim：是的。不过我并没有自己制作。我没时间把昆虫碾碎来提取红色，而且这里也买不到这些昆虫， ⭐ ️【crush up = 碾碎】
But 【it cost a fortune】. I can see why it's generally just used in cooking, and in small quantities.&nbsp; 但我很容易就从一家网站上买到了这种染料。不过，它贵得惊人。我能理解为什么它通常只用于烹饪，而且用量很少。 ⭐ 【cost a fortune = 花费一大笔钱；贵得惊人】
TUTOR: Yes, it's very effective, but that's precisely why it's not used as a dye. 导师：是的，它的着色效果很好，但那恰恰就是它不被用作染料的原因。⭐️【precisely = 恰恰；正是】
JIM: I also read about using metal oxide. Apparently you can allow iron to rust while it's in contact with the fabric, and that colours it. Jim：我还读到了使用金属氧化物染色的方法。据说，可以让铁在接触织物的状态下生锈，这样就能使织物着色。 ⭐ ️【metal oxide = 金属氧化物】⭐️【in contact with = 与……接触】
TUTOR: Yes, that works well for dying cotton. But you have to be careful as the metal 【can actually affect the fabric】 and so you can't expect to get a lot of wear out of fabrics treated in this way.&nbsp; 导师：是的，这种方法给棉布染色的效果很好。但你必须小心，因为金属实际上会损伤织物，所以经过这种处理的布料并不耐穿。 ⭐ ️【get a lot of wear out of = 穿用很久；充分穿用】
And the colours are quite subtle, not everyone likes them. Anyway, it looks as if you've done a lot of work ... 而且染出的颜色比较淡雅，并不是所有人都喜欢。总之，看起来你已经做了很多工作…… ⭐ 【subtle = 色彩柔和的；不鲜明的】⭐️【anyway = 总之（话语功能：转回主题／收束）】