Last week, we started looking at reptiles, including crocodiles and snakes. 上周，我们开始了解爬行动物，包括鳄鱼和蛇。⭐️【reptile = 爬行动物】
Today, I'd like us to have a look at another reptile - the lizard - and in particular, at some studies that have been done on a particular type of lizard whose Latin name is tiliqua rugosa. 今天，我想让大家了解另一种爬行动物——蜥蜴，尤其是一些针对特定蜥蜴开展的研究；这种蜥蜴的拉丁学名是tiliqua rugosa。⭐️【in particular = 尤其；特别是（话语功能：具体化）】⭐️【Latin name = 拉丁学名】
This is commonly known as the sleepy lizard, because it's quite slow in its movements and spends quite a lot of its time dozing under rocks or lying in the sun. 它通常被称为“睡蜥”，因为它行动缓慢，大量时间都在岩石下打盹或躺着晒太阳。⭐️【be commonly known as = 通常被称为】⭐️【doze = 打盹；小睡】
I'll start with a general description. 我先从整体特征介绍起。
Sleepy lizards live in Western and South Australia, where they're quite common. 睡蜥生活在西澳大利亚州和南澳大利亚州，在这些地区相当常见。
Unlike European lizards, which are mostly small, green and fast-moving, sleepy lizards are brown, but what's particularly distinctive about them is the colour of their tongue, which is dark blue, in contrast with the lining of their mouth which is bright pink. 欧洲蜥蜴大多体型小、呈绿色且行动敏捷；与它们不同，睡蜥是棕色的，但睡蜥最显著的特征是舌头呈深蓝色，与亮粉色的口腔内壁形成鲜明对比。⭐️【distinctive = 与众不同的；显著的】⭐️【in contrast with = 与……形成对比】⭐️【the lining of the mouth = 口腔内壁】
And they're much bigger than most European lizards. 而且，它们比大多数欧洲蜥蜴大得多。
They have quite a varied diet, including insects and even small animals, but they mostly eat plants of varying kinds. 它们的食物种类相当丰富，包括昆虫，甚至小型动物，但主要以各种植物为食。⭐️【a varied diet = 多样化的饮食】⭐️【of varying kinds = 各种各样的】
Even though they're quite large and powerful, with strong jaws that can crush beetles and snail shells, they still have quite a few predators. 尽管睡蜥体型较大、力量也很强，而且强有力的颌部能够咬碎甲虫和蜗牛壳，但它们依然有不少天敌。⭐️【even though = 尽管（话语功能：让步）】⭐️【crush = 压碎；咬碎】⭐️【predator = 捕食者；天敌】
Large birds like cassowaries were one of the main ones in the past, but nowadays they're more likely to be caught and killed by snakes. 过去，食火鸡等大型鸟类是它们的主要天敌之一；但如今，它们更有可能被蛇捕获并杀死。⭐️【cassowary = 食火鸡】
Actually, another threat to their survival isn't a predator at all, but is man-made - quite a large number of sleepy lizards are killed by cars when they're trying to cross highways. 实际上，另一项生存威胁根本不是捕食者，而是人为因素——相当多的睡蜥在试图穿越公路时被汽车撞死。⭐️【a threat to survival = 对生存的威胁】⭐️【man-made = 人为造成的】
One study carried out by Michael Freake at Flinders University investigated the methods of navigation of these lizards. 弗林德斯大学的Michael Freake开展了一项研究，考察这些蜥蜴的导航方式。⭐️【carry out a study = 开展研究】⭐️【method of navigation = 导航方式】
Though they move slowly, they can travel quite long distances. 虽然它们行动缓慢，却能够移动相当远的距离。⭐️【though = 虽然（话语功能：让步）】
And he found that even if they were taken some distance away from their home territory, they could usually find their way back home as long as they could see the sky - they didn't need any other landmarks on the ground. 他发现，即使睡蜥被带到距离自己领地较远的地方，只要能够看见天空，它们通常就能找到回家的路，而不需要地面上的任何其他地标。⭐️【home territory = 栖息领地】⭐️【find your way back = 找到回去的路】⭐️【as long as = 只要（话语功能：条件）】⭐️【landmark = 地标；用于辨别方向的标志物】
Observations of these lizards in the wild have also revealed that their mating habits are quite unusual. 对野生睡蜥的观察还表明，它们的交配习性相当不同寻常。⭐️【in the wild = 在野外】⭐️【mating habits = 交配习性】
Unlike most animals, it seems that they're relatively monogamous, returning to the same partner year after year. 与大多数动物不同，睡蜥似乎相对遵循单配偶制，会年复一年地回到同一个伴侣身边。⭐️【monogamous = 单配偶的】⭐️【year after year = 年复一年】
And the male and female also stay together for a long time, both before and after the birth of their young. 而且，雄性和雌性会长期生活在一起，无论是在幼崽出生前还是出生后。⭐️【their young = 它们的幼崽】
It's quite interesting to think about the possible reasons for this. 思考这种现象背后可能的原因是相当有趣的。
It could be that it's to do with protecting their young - you'd expect them to have a much better chance of survival if they have both parents around. 这可能与保护幼崽有关——如果双亲都在身边，人们可能会认为幼崽的存活概率会高得多。⭐️【be to do with = 与……有关】⭐️【a chance of survival = 存活概率】
But in fact observers have noted that once the babies have hatched out of their eggs, they have hardly any contact with their parents. 但事实上，观察人员发现，幼崽一旦从卵中孵化出来，几乎就不再与父母有任何接触。⭐️【in fact = 但事实上（话语功能：转折／修正）】⭐️【hatch out of an egg = 从卵中孵化出来】⭐️【have contact with = 与……有接触】
So, there's not really any evidence to support that idea. 因此，并没有什么证据能够支持这一观点。⭐️【evidence to support an idea = 支持某一观点的证据】
Another suggestion's based on the observation that male lizards in monogamous relationships tend to be bigger and stronger than other males. 另一种推测建立在这样一项观察之上：处于单配偶关系中的雄性蜥蜴往往比其他雄性更大、更强壮。⭐️【be based on the observation that = 以……这一观察结果为依据】⭐️【tend to = 往往；倾向于】
So maybe the male lizards stay around so they can give the female lizards protection from other males. 因此，雄性蜥蜴留在雌性身边，或许是为了保护它们免受其他雄性的威胁。⭐️【stay around = 留在附近】⭐️【give someone protection from = 保护某人免受……伤害】
But again, we're not really sure. 但同样，我们还无法确定。
Finally, I'd like to mention another study that involved collecting data by tracking the lizards. 最后，我想介绍另一项通过追踪蜥蜴来收集数据的研究。⭐️【involve doing = 涉及做……】⭐️【track = 追踪】
I was actually involved in this myself. 实际上，我本人也参与了这项研究。⭐️【be involved in = 参与】
So we caught some lizards in the wild and we developed a tiny GPS system that would allow us to track them, and we fixed this onto their tails. 我们在野外捕捉了一些蜥蜴，并开发出一套微型GPS系统，以便对它们进行追踪，然后将这套设备固定在它们的尾巴上。⭐️【fix something onto = 将某物固定在……上】
Then we set the lizards free again, and we were able to track them for twelve days and gather data, not just about their location, but even about how many steps they took during this period. 随后，我们再次放生这些蜥蜴，并对它们进行了十二天的追踪，从而收集数据；这些数据不仅涉及它们的位置，甚至还包括它们在此期间移动了多少步。⭐️【set an animal free = 放生动物】⭐️【gather data = 收集数据】⭐️【not just ... but ... = 不仅……而且……（话语功能：递进）】
One surprising thing we discovered from this is that there were far fewer meetings between lizards than we expected - it seems that they were actually trying to avoid one another. 我们从中发现的一个意外现象是，蜥蜴之间的相遇次数远少于预期——它们似乎在主动躲避彼此。⭐️【far fewer than expected = 远少于预期】⭐️【avoid one another = 躲避彼此】
So why would that be? 那么，为什么会这样呢？
Well, again we have no clear evidence, but one hypothesis is that male lizards can cause quite serious injuries to one another, so maybe this avoidance is a way of preventing this 一 of self-preservation, if you like. 同样，我们没有明确的证据，但一种假设是，雄性蜥蜴可能会给彼此造成相当严重的伤害，因此，这种回避行为或许是防止受伤的一种方式——也可以说是一种自我保护。⭐️【hypothesis = 假设】⭐️【cause serious injuries to = 给……造成严重伤害】⭐️【self-preservation = 自我保护；求生本能】⭐️【if you like = 可以说；如果你愿意这样理解（话语功能：换一种说法）】
But we need to collect a lot more data before we can be sure of any of this. 但我们还需要收集更多数据，才能确定上述推测是否正确。