In my presentation, I'm going to talk about coffee, and its importance both in economic and social terms. 在我的演讲中，我将讨论咖啡及其在经济和社会层面的重要性。⭐️【in economic and social terms = 从经济和社会层面来看】
We think it was first drunk in the Arab world, but there's hardly any documentary evidence of it before the 1500s, although of course that doesn't mean that people didn't know about it before then. 人们认为，咖啡最早是在阿拉伯世界被饮用的，但几乎没有任何16世纪以前的文献证据；当然，这并不意味着在此之前人们不了解咖啡。⭐️【documentary evidence = 文献证据】⭐️【although = 尽管；不过（话语功能：让步）】
However, there is evidence that coffee was originally gathered from bushes growing wild in Ethiopia, in the northeast of Africa. 然而，有证据表明，咖啡最初采自生长在非洲东北部埃塞俄比亚的野生灌木。⭐️【however = 然而（话语功能：转折）】⭐️【grow wild = 野生生长】
In the early sixteenth century, it was being bought by traders, and gradually its use as a drink spread throughout the Middle East.&nbsp; 16世纪初，商人开始购买咖啡，它作为饮品的用途也逐渐传遍整个中东地区。 ⭐ ️【spread throughout = 传遍】
It's also known that in 1522, in the Turkish city of Constantinople, which was the centre of the Ottoman Empire, the court physician approved its use as a medicine. 人们还知道，1522年，奥斯曼帝国首都、土耳其城市君士坦丁堡的宫廷医生批准将咖啡用作药物。⭐️【the Ottoman Empire = 奥斯曼帝国】⭐️【court physician = 宫廷医生】⭐️【approve something’s use as = 批准将某物用作……】
By the mid-1500s, coffee bushes were being cultivated in the Yemen and for the next hundred years this region produced most of the coffee drunk in Africa and the Arab world. 到16世纪中叶，也门已经开始种植咖啡树；在之后的一百年里，非洲和阿拉伯世界饮用的大部分咖啡都产自这一地区。⭐️【cultivate = 种植；栽培】
What's particularly interesting about coffee is its effect on social life. 咖啡尤其有趣的一点，是它对社会生活产生的影响。
It was rarely drunk at home, but instead people went to coffee houses to drink it. 当时人们很少在家饮用咖啡，而是前往咖啡馆喝咖啡。⭐️【instead = 而是（话语功能：替代／对比）】
These people, usually men, would meet to drink coffee and chat about issues of the day. 这些人通常是男性，他们会聚在一起喝咖啡，讨论当时的社会议题。⭐️【issues of the day = 当时的重要议题】
But at the time, this chance to share ideas and opinions was seen as something that was potentially dangerous, 但在当时，这种交流思想和观点的机会被视为可能带有危险性的事物，⭐️【be seen as = 被视为】⭐️【potentially dangerous = 可能具有危险性的】
and in 1623 the ruler of Constantinople demanded the destruction of all the coffee houses in the city, although after his death many new ones opened, and coffee consumption continued. 于是，1623年，君士坦丁堡的统治者下令摧毁城内所有咖啡馆；不过，他去世后又有许多新咖啡馆开业，人们也继续饮用咖啡。⭐️【demand the destruction of = 下令摧毁】⭐️【coffee consumption = 咖啡消费／饮用】
In the seventeenth century, coffee drinking spread to Europe, and here too coffee shops became places where ordinary people, nearly always men, could meet to exchange ideas. 17世纪，饮用咖啡的习惯传入欧洲；在这里，咖啡馆同样成为普通人见面交流思想的场所，而这些顾客几乎全是男性。⭐️【exchange ideas = 交流思想】
Because of this, some people said that these places performed a similar function to universities. 因此，有些人认为，这些场所发挥着与大学相似的作用。⭐️【perform a similar function to = 发挥与……相似的作用】
The opportunity they provided for people to meet together outside their own homes and to discuss the topics of the day had an enormous impact on social life, and many social movements and political developments had their origins in coffee house discussions. 咖啡馆让人们有机会走出家门、聚在一起讨论时事，这对社会生活产生了巨大影响；许多社会运动和政治发展都发源于咖啡馆里的讨论。⭐️【have an enormous impact on = 对……产生巨大影响】⭐️【have its origins in = 起源于】⭐️【topics of the day = 当时的热门话题／时事】
In the late 1600s, the Yemeni monopoly on coffee production broke down and coffee production started to spread around the world, helped by European colonisation.&nbsp; 17世纪末，也门对咖啡生产的垄断瓦解；在欧洲殖民活动的推动下，咖啡生产开始扩展至世界各地。 ⭐ ️【monopoly on = 对……的垄断】⭐️【break down = 瓦解】⭐️【colonisation = 殖民；殖民化】
Europeans set up coffee plantations in Indonesia and the Caribbean and production of coffee in the colonies skyrocketed. 欧洲人在印度尼西亚和加勒比地区建立了咖啡种植园，殖民地的咖啡产量随之猛增。⭐️【set up a plantation = 建立种植园】⭐️【skyrocket = 猛增；飞涨】
Different types of coffee were produced in different areas, and it's interesting that the names given to these different types, like Mocha or Java coffee, were often taken from the port they were shipped to Europe from. 不同地区生产不同种类的咖啡。有趣的是，摩卡、爪哇咖啡等名称，往往取自将它们运往欧洲的出发港口。⭐️【be taken from = 取自】⭐️【be shipped to = 被运往】
But if you look at the labour system in the different colonies, there were some significant differences. 但如果考察不同殖民地的劳工制度，就会发现其中存在一些显著差异。⭐️【labour system = 劳工制度】
In Brazil and the various Caribbean colonies, coffee was grown in huge plantations and the workers there were almost all slaves. 在巴西和加勒比地区的多个殖民地，咖啡种植于大型种植园中，那里的劳动者几乎全是奴隶。
But this wasn't the same in all colonies; for example in Java, which had been colonised by the Dutch, the peasants grew coffee and passed a proportion of this on to the Dutch, so it was used as a means of taxation. 但并非所有殖民地都是如此。例如，在被荷兰殖民的爪哇，农民种植咖啡，并把其中一部分上交给荷兰人，因此咖啡被用作一种征税手段。⭐️【pass a proportion of something on to = 将一部分某物转交给……】⭐️【a means of taxation = 一种征税手段】
But whatever system was used, under the European powers of the eighteenth century, coffee production was very closely linked to colonisation. 但无论采用何种制度，在18世纪欧洲列强的统治下，咖啡生产都与殖民活动紧密相连。⭐️【whatever = 无论什么（话语功能：无条件让步）】⭐️【be closely linked to = 与……紧密相关】⭐️【European powers = 欧洲列强】
Coffee was grown in ever-increasing quantities to satisfy the growing demand from Europe, and it became nearly as important as sugar production, which was grown under very similar conditions. 为满足欧洲不断增长的需求，咖啡的种植规模持续扩大，并逐渐变得几乎与生产条件十分相似的糖业同等重要。⭐️【in ever-increasing quantities = 数量不断增加地】⭐️【satisfy the growing demand = 满足不断增长的需求】
However, coffee prices were not yet low enough for people to drink it regularly at home, so most coffee consumption still took place in public coffee houses and it still remained something of a luxury item. 然而，当时的咖啡价格还没有低到足以让人们经常在家饮用，因此大部分咖啡消费仍发生在公共咖啡馆中，咖啡在一定程度上依然属于奢侈品。⭐️【however = 然而（话语功能：转折）】⭐️【take place = 发生】⭐️【something of a = 在某种程度上算是……】⭐️【luxury item = 奢侈品】
In Britain, however, a new drink was introduced from China, and started to become popular, gradually taking over from coffee, although at first it was so expensive that only the upper classes could afford it. 然而在英国，一种来自中国的新饮品被引入并开始流行，逐渐取代了咖啡；不过，它最初十分昂贵，只有上层阶级消费得起。⭐️【take over from = 取代】⭐️【the upper classes = 上层阶级】
This was tea, and by the late 1700s it was being widely drunk. 这种饮品就是茶；到18世纪末，饮茶已经十分普遍。
However, when the USA gained independence from Britain in 1776, they identified this drink with Britain, and coffee remained the preferred drink in the USA, as it still is today. 然而，1776年美国脱离英国获得独立后，美国人将茶视为英国的象征，因此咖啡仍是美国人更偏爱的饮品，直到今天依然如此。⭐️【gain independence from = 脱离……获得独立】⭐️【identify something with = 将某物与……联系起来／视为……的象征】⭐️【preferred drink = 更受青睐的饮品】
So, by the early nineteenth century, coffee was already being widely produced and consumed. 因此，到19世纪初，咖啡已经得到广泛生产和消费。
But during this century, production boomed and coffee prices started to fall. 但在19世纪，咖啡产量迅猛增长，价格也开始下降。⭐️【production booms = 产量迅猛增长】
This was partly because new types of transportation had been developed which were cheaper and more efficient. 其中一部分原因是，人们开发出了成本更低且效率更高的新型运输方式。
So now, working people could afford to buy coffee - it wasn't just a drink for the middle classes. 因此，劳动阶层现在也买得起咖啡——它不再只是中产阶级享用的饮品。⭐️【working people = 劳动阶层】⭐️【the middle classes = 中产阶级】
And this was at a time when large parts of Europe were starting to work in industries. 而当时，欧洲大部分地区的人口正开始进入工业领域工作。
And sometimes this meant their work didn't stop when it got dark: they might have to continue throughout the night. 有时，这意味着天黑后他们的工作也不会停止，甚至可能不得不彻夜工作。⭐️【throughout the night = 整夜；彻夜】
So, the use of coffee as a stimulant became important - it wasn't just a drink people drank in the morning, for breakfast. 因此，咖啡作为兴奋剂的作用变得重要起来——它不再仅仅是人们早餐时饮用的饮品。⭐️【stimulant = 兴奋剂；提神物】
There were also changes in cultivation ... 咖啡的种植方式也发生了一些变化……⭐️【cultivation = 种植；栽培】