OFFICER: Good morning. What can I do for you? 警官：早上好，请问有什么可以帮您的吗？
LOUISE: I want to report a theft. I had some things stolen out of my bag yesterday. Louise：我想报案。我包里的一些东西昨天被偷了。
OFFICER: I'm sorry to hear that. Right, so I'll need to take a few details. Can I start with your name? 警官：很遗憾听到这件事。我需要先记录一些基本信息。请先告诉我您的姓名好吗？
LOUISE: Louise Taylor. Louise：Louise Taylor。
OFFICER: OK, thank you. And are you resident in the UK? 警官：好的，谢谢。请问您是英国居民吗？
LOUISE: No, I'm actually Canadian, though my mother was British. Louise：不是，我实际上是加拿大人，不过我母亲是英国人。
OFFICER: And your date of birth? 警官：您的出生日期是？
LOUISE: December 14th, 1977. Louise：1977年12月14日。
OFFICER: So you're just visiting this country? 警官：所以您只是来英国访问的吗？
LOUISE: That's right. I come over most summers on business. I'm an interior designer and I come over to buy old furniture, antiques you know. Louise：是的。我几乎每年夏天都会因工作来这里。我是一名室内设计师，来这里主要是采购旧家具和古董之类的东西。
There are some really lovely things around here, but you need to get out to the small towns. I've had a really good trip this year, until this happened. 这里确实有很多很棒的东西，不过通常得去一些小镇才能找到。今年这趟旅行原本一直都很顺利，直到发生了这件事。
OFFICER: OK. So you've been here quite a while? 警官：好的。所以您已经在这里待了挺长时间了？
LOUISE: Yes, I'm here for two months. I go back next week. Louise：是的，我会在这里待两个月，下周就回去了。
OFFICER: So may I ask where you're staying now? 警官：请问您目前住在哪里呢？
LOUISE: Well at present I've got a place at Park Apartments, that's on King Street. Louise：目前我住在King Street的Park Apartments公寓。
I was staying at the Riverside Apartments on the same street, but the apartment there was only available for six weeks so I had to find another one. 之前我住在同一条街上的Riverside Apartments，不过那边的公寓只租给我六周，所以我不得不另外找地方住。
OFFICER: OK. And the apartment number? 警官：好的。公寓房号是多少？
LOUISE: Fifteen. Louise：15号。
OFFICER: Right. 警官：好的。
OFFICER: Now, I need to take some details of the theft. So you said you had some things stolen out of your bag? 警官：接下来我需要了解一些失窃情况。您刚才说是包里的东西被偷了，对吗？
LOUISE: That's right. Louise：没错。
OFFICER: And were you actually carrying the bag when the theft took place? 警官：失窃发生时，包是一直背在您身上的吗？
Yes. I really can't understand it. I had my backpack on. And I went into a supermarket to buy a few things and when I opened it up my wallet wasn't there. Louise：是的。我真的想不通。我一直背着背包，后来进了一家超市买东西，打开包时却发现钱包不见了。
OFFICER: And what did your wallet have in it? 警官：钱包里都有什么东西呢？
LOUISE: Well, fortunately I don't keep my credit cards in that wallet - I keep them with my passport in an inside compartment in my backpack. Louise：幸运的是，我没有把信用卡放在钱包里。我把信用卡和护照一起放在背包内部的夹层里。
But there was quite a bit of cash there…about ￡250 sterling, I should think. 不过钱包里有不少现金，我想大概有250英镑左右。
I withdrew ￡300 from my account yesterday, but I did a bit of shopping, so I must have already spent about ￡50 of that. 我昨天从账户里取了300英镑，不过后来买了点东西，所以应该已经花掉了大约50英镑。
OFFICER: OK. 警官：好的。
LOUISE: At first I thought, oh I must have left the wallet back in the apartment, but then I realised my phone had gone as well. Louise：一开始我还以为是把钱包落在公寓里了，但后来发现手机也不见了。
It was only a week old, and that's when I realised I'd been robbed. Anyway at least they didn't take the keys to my rental car. 那部手机才买了一周。那时候我才意识到自己被偷了。不过至少他们没有拿走我的租车钥匙。
OFFICER: Yes. So you say the theft occurred yesterday? 警官：明白了。所以您是说失窃发生在昨天？
LOUISE: Yes. Louise：是的。
OFFICER: So that was September the tenth. 警官：那么就是9月10日。
And do you have any idea at all of where or when the things might possibly have been stolen? 您有没有任何线索，知道东西大概是在什么时间、什么地点被偷的？
LOUISE: Well at first I couldn't believe it because the bag had been on my back ever since I left the apartment after lunch. Louise：起初我根本不敢相信，因为午饭后离开公寓开始，背包就一直背在我身上。
It's just a small backpack, but I generally use it when I'm travelling because it seems safer than a handbag. 那只是个小背包，但我旅行时通常都用它，因为感觉比手提包更安全。
Anyway, I met up with a friend, and we spent a couple of hours in the museum. 后来我和一个朋友碰面，在博物馆待了几个小时。
But I do remember that as we were leaving there, at about 4 o'clock,不过我记得很清楚，大约下午4点我们离开博物馆时，
a group of young boys ran up to us, and they were really crowding round us, 一群小男孩突然跑到我们身边，把我们团团围住，
and they were asking us what time it was, then all of a sudden they ran off. 还问我们几点了。然后他们突然一下子全跑掉了。
OFFICER: Can you remember anything about them? 警官：您还记得他们有什么特征吗？
LOUISE: The one who did most of the talking was wearing a T-shirt with a picture of something…let's see… a tiger. Louise：那个说话最多的男孩穿着一件印有图案的T恤。让我想想……是一只老虎。
OFFICER: Right. Any idea of how old he might have been? 警官：好的。您觉得他大概多大年纪？
LOUISE: Around twelve years old? Louise：大概十二岁左右吧。
OFFICER: And can you remember anything else about his appearance? 警官：关于他的外貌，您还记得其他细节吗？
LOUISE: Not much. He was quite thin… Louise：记得不多了。他挺瘦的……
OFFICER: Colour of hair? 警官：头发是什么颜色？
LOUISE: I do remember that - he was blond. All the others were dark-haired. Louise：这个我记得。他是金发，其他人都是深色头发。
OFFICER: And any details of the others? 警官：那其他几个孩子有什么特征吗？
LOUISE: Not really. They came and went so quickly. Louise：没有什么印象。他们来得快，走得也快。
OFFICER: Right. So what I'm going to do now is give you a crime reference number so you can contact your insurance company. 警官：好的。接下来我会给您一个案件编号，方便您联系保险公司办理理赔。
So this is ten digits: 87954 82361 编号一共十位：87954 82361。
LOUISE: Thank you. So should I … Louise：谢谢。那么我是不是应该……