Good morning, my name is Erica Matthews and I'm the owner of Matthews Island Holidays, a company set up by my parents. 大家早上好。我叫Erica Matthews，是Matthews Island Holidays旅游公司的负责人。这家公司是由我的父母创办的。
Thank you for coming to this presentation, in which I hope to interest you in what we have to offer. 感谢大家前来参加这场介绍会，希望通过今天的分享，让大家对我们的旅游产品产生兴趣。
We're a small family-run company, and we believe in the importance of the personal touch, so we don't aim to compete with other companies on the number of customers. 我们是一家小型家族企业，非常重视个性化服务，因此我们并不追求在客户数量上与其他公司竞争。
What we do is build on our many years' experience more than almost any other rail holiday company to ensure we provide perfect holidays and a small number of destinations which we've got to know extremely well. 凭借多年积累的经验，我们比大多数铁路旅游公司更专注于少数几个目的地，并力求为客户打造最优质的旅行体验。
I'll start with our 6-day Isle of Man holiday. 接下来我先为大家介绍我们的六天马恩岛之旅。
This is a fascinating island in the Irish sea, with Wales to the south, England to the east, Scotland to the north, and Northern Ireland to the west. 马恩岛位于爱尔兰海上，是一个非常迷人的岛屿。它南面是威尔士，东面是英格兰，北面是苏格兰，西面则是北爱尔兰。
Our holiday starts in Heysham, where your tour manager will meet you, then you'll travel by ferry to the Isle of Man. 我们的旅程从Heysham开始，届时领队会在那里与大家会合，然后一起乘坐渡轮前往马恩岛。
Some people prefer to fly from Luton instead and another popular option is to go by train to Liverpool and take a ferry from there. 有些游客更喜欢从卢顿乘飞机出发；另一种热门选择则是先乘火车前往利物浦，再从那里搭乘渡轮。
You have 5 nights in the hotel and the price covers 5 breakfast and dinners and lunch on the 3 days when there are organized trips. 行程包含五晚酒店住宿，价格还包括五顿早餐、五顿晚餐，以及三天团队活动期间的午餐。
Day 4 is free and most people have lunch in a cafe or restaurant in Douglas. 第四天为自由活动时间，大多数游客会选择在Douglas的咖啡馆或餐厅享用午餐。
The price of the holiday includes the ferry to the Isle of Man, all travel on the island, the hotel and the meals I've mentioned. 团费包含往返马恩岛的渡轮费用、岛上所有交通费用、酒店住宿以及刚才提到的餐饮安排。
Incidentally, we tried to make booking our holidays as simple and fair as possible. 顺便提一下，我们一直努力让预订流程尽可能简单且公平。
So, unlike with many companies, the price is the same whether you book six months in advance or at the last minute. 因此，与许多旅游公司不同，无论你提前六个月预订还是临近出发时才预订，价格都完全一样。
And there's no supplement for single rooms in hotels. 此外，单人入住酒店也无需支付额外费用。（单词📒：supplement (旅行或住宾馆等所付的) 额外费用）
If you make a booking, then need to change the start date, for example because of illness. 如果您已经预订，但后来因为生病等原因需要更改出发日期，
You're welcome to change to an alternative date to a different tour for a small administrative fee. 只需支付少量手续费，就可以改期或改报其他线路。
Okay, so what does the holiday consist of? 接下来让我为大家介绍具体行程安排。
Well on Day 1, you'll arrive in time for a short introduction by your tour manager, followed by dinner in the hotel. 第一天，大家抵达后将参加领队组织的简短说明会，随后在酒店享用晚餐。
The dining room looks out at the river close to where it flows into the harbour, and there's usually plenty of activity going on. 餐厅面向河口附近的河流，可以看到河水汇入港口的景象，那里通常十分热闹。
On Day 2, you'll take the coach to the small town of peel, on the way calling in at the Tynwald Exhibition. 第二天，大家将乘坐大巴前往Peel小镇，途中会参观Tynwald展览馆。
The Isle of Man isn't part of the United Kingdom, and it has its own parliament called Tynwald. 马恩岛并不属于英国本土，它拥有自己的议会，名为Tynwald。
It's claimed that this is the world's oldest parliament that still functioning and that it dates back to 979. 据称，这是世界上历史最悠久且至今仍在运作的议会，其历史可以追溯到公元979年。
However, the earliest surviving reference to it is from 1422. 不过，现存最早提及它的文献记录则来自1422年。
So perhaps it isn't quite as old as it claims. 因此，它的历史或许并没有传说中的那么久远。
Day 3, we have a trip to the Mountain Snaefell. 第三天，我们将前往斯奈费尔山（Snaefell Mountain）。
This begins with a leisurely ride along the promenade in Douglas in a horse-drawn tram. 旅程将从Douglas海滨大道开始，大家会乘坐马拉电车悠闲观光。
Then you board an electric train which takes you to the fishing village of Laxey. 随后换乘电气列车前往渔村Laxey。
From there it's an 8km ride in the Snaefell Mountain railway to the top. 接着搭乘斯奈费尔山铁路，经过约8公里的路程抵达山顶。
Lunch will be in a cafe giving you spectacular views of the island. 午餐将在山顶咖啡馆享用，那里可以欣赏整个岛屿的壮丽景色。
Day 4 is free for you to explore, using the pass which will give you, so you won't have to pay for travel on local transport or for entrance to the island's heritage sites. 第四天为自由活动时间。我们会提供一张通票，凭此可免费乘坐当地公共交通工具，并免费参观岛上的历史文化景点。
Or you might just want to take it easy in Douglas and perhaps do a little light shopping. 当然，你也可以选择留在Douglas轻松度过一天，顺便逛逛街。
The last full day, Day 5 is for some people. 对于许多游客来说，第五天这个最后的完整行程日是整个旅程最精彩的一天。
The highlight of the holiday was a ride on the steam railway from Douglas to port Erin. 这趟旅程最大的亮点之一，就是乘坐蒸汽火车从Douglas前往Port Erin。
After some time to explore, a coach will take you to the headland that overlooks the Calf of Man, a small island just off the coast. 自由参观之后，大巴将带大家前往一处海岬，从那里可以俯瞰近海的小岛Calf of Man。
From there, you continue to castle town which used to be the capital of the Isle of Man and its medieval castle. 随后继续前往Castletown。这座城镇曾是马恩岛的首府，那里还保留着一座中世纪城堡。
And on Day 6, it's back to the ferry or the airport if you flew to the island and time to go home. 第六天，大家将前往渡轮码头返程；如果是乘飞机抵达马恩岛的游客，则前往机场，随后启程回家。
Now I'd like to tell you a bit more… 接下来，我还想再给大家介绍一些其他信息……