Woman: I'm very pleased to welcome this evening's guest speaker, Mark Logan, who's going to tell us about the recent transformation of Minster Park. 女士：非常高兴欢迎今晚的嘉宾演讲者 Mark Logan，他将为我们介绍 Minster Park 最近的改造情况。（transformation = 改造、翻新）
Over to you, Mark. 接下来交给你了，Mark。（会议常用表达）
Mark: Thank you. I'm sure you're all familiar with Minster Park. Mark：谢谢。我相信大家都很熟悉 Minster Park。
It's been a feature of the city for well over a century, 它已经成为这座城市的一部分超过一个世纪了。（feature = 地标性景观、特色事物）
and has been the responsibility of the city council for most of that time. 而且在大部分时间里都由市议会负责管理。（responsibility of = 由……负责）
What perhaps isn't so well known is the origin of the park: 或许大家不太了解的是这座公园的起源。（origin = 起源）
unlike many public parks that started in private ownership, 与许多最初属于私人所有的公园不同，
as the garden of a large house, for instance, 例如作为某座大宅院的花园而存在。
Minster was some waste land, Minster 最初是一块荒地。（waste land = 荒地、废弃土地）
which people living nearby started planting with flowers in 1892. 1892年，附近居民开始在这里种植花卉。
It was unclear who actually owned the land, 当时没人明确知道这块土地究竟归谁所有。
and this wasn't settled until 20 years later, 直到20年后这个问题才得到解决。（settle = 解决、确定）
when the council took possession of it. 当时市议会接管了这块土地。（take possession of = 取得所有权、接管）
You may have noticed the statue near one of the entrances. 大家可能注意到了其中一个入口附近的雕像。
It's of Diane Gosforth, who played a key role in the history of the park. 那是 Diane Gosforth 的雕像，她在公园历史上发挥了关键作用。（play a key role = 发挥关键作用）
Once the council had become the legal owner, it planned to sell the land for housing. 市议会取得合法所有权后，曾计划将这块地出售用于住宅开发。（for housing = 用于建住房）
Many local people wanted it to remain a place that everyone could go to, 许多当地居民希望这里继续作为一个人人都能前往的公共场所，
to enjoy the fresh air and natural environment– 供大家享受新鲜空气和自然环境。
remember the park is in a densely populated residential area. 要知道，这座公园位于一个人口密集的居民区。（densely populated = 人口稠密的）
Diane Gosforth was one of those people, and she organized petitions and demonstrations, Diane Gosforth 就是其中之一，她组织了请愿活动和示威活动。（petition = 请愿；demonstration = 示威游行）
which eventually made the council change its mind about the future of the land. 最终促使市议会改变了对这块土地未来用途的决定。
Soon after this the First World War broke out, in 1914, 此后不久，1914年第一次世界大战爆发了。
and most of the park was dug up and planted with vegetables, which were sold locally. 公园大部分区域被翻耕后种上蔬菜，并在当地出售。（dug up = 翻土、挖开）
At one stage the army considered taking it over for troop exercises 有一段时间，军方曾考虑征用这里作为部队训练场。（take over = 接管、征用）
and got as far as contacting the city council, then decided the park was too small to be of use. 甚至已经联系了市议会，但后来认为公园太小，没有实际用途。（got as far as doing = 已经进展到……这一步）
There were occasional public meetings during the war, 战争期间，这里偶尔会举行公众集会。
in an area that had been retained as grass. 地点是在保留为草坪的一片区域。（retain = 保留）
After the war, the park was turned back more or less to how it had been before 1914, 战后，公园基本恢复到了1914年之前的样子。（more or less = 大致上、基本上）
and continued almost unchanged until recently. 此后一直几乎没有变化，直到最近。
Plans for transforming it were drawn up at various times, most recently in 2013, 关于改造公园的计划曾多次制定，最近一次是在2013年。（draw up plans = 制定计划）
though they were revised in 2015, before any work had started. 不过在工程开始前的2015年进行了修改。（revise = 修订）
The changes finally got going in 2016, and were finished on schedule last year. 改造工程最终于2016年启动，并于去年按期完工。（on schedule = 按计划进行）
OK, let me tell you about some of the changes that have been made– 接下来我来介绍一些已经完成的改动。
and some things that have been retained. 以及一些被保留下来的部分。
If you look at this map, you'll see the familiar outline of the park, 如果大家看这张地图，会看到公园熟悉的轮廓。（outline = 外轮廓）
with the river forming the northern boundary, 河流构成了公园的北边界。（boundary = 边界）
and a gate in each of the other three walls. 另外三面围墙各设有一个入口。
The statue of Diane Gosforth has been moved: Diane Gosforth 的雕像已经迁移了位置。
it used to be close to the south gate, 它以前位于南门附近。
but it's now immediately to the north of the lily pond, 现在则位于睡莲池正北侧。（immediately to the north of = 紧邻……北侧）
almost in the centre of the park, 几乎位于公园中央。
which makes it much more visible. 这样也让它更加显眼。（visible = 容易看见的）
There's a new area of wooden sculptures, which are on the river bank, 新增了一片木雕展示区，位于河岸边。（river bank = 河岸）
where the path from the east gate makes a sharp bend. 就在从东门延伸出来的小路急转弯处。（sharp bend = 急弯）
There are two areas that are particularly intended for children. 有两个区域是专门为儿童设计的。
The playground has been enlarged and improved, 儿童游乐场已经扩建并升级了。
and that's between the river and the path that leads from the pond to the river. 它位于河流与连接池塘和河流的小路之间。
Then there's a new maze, a circular series of paths, separated by low hedges. 另外还新建了一座迷宫，由环形小路组成，小路之间用低矮树篱隔开。（maze = 迷宫；hedge = 树篱）
That's near the west gate– 它位于西门附近。
you go north from there towards the river and then turn left to reach it. 从那里向北朝河边走，然后左转就能到达。
There have been tennis courts in the park for many years, 公园里的网球场已经存在很多年了。
and they've been doubled, from four to eight. 现在数量已经翻倍，从4个增加到8个。（地图题高频：double = 翻倍）
They're still in the south-west corner of the park, 它们仍然位于公园西南角。
where there's a right-angle bend in the path. 就在小路呈直角转弯的地方。（right-angle bend = 直角弯）
Something else I'd like to mention is the new fitness area. 另外我还想提一下新建的健身区。
This is right next to the lily pond on the same side as the west gate. 它紧挨着睡莲池，并且位于与西门同一侧。（地图题高频：on the same side as）
Now, as you're all gardeners, 既然大家都是园艺爱好者，
I'm sure you'll like to hear about the plants that have been chosen for the park. 我相信大家一定会对公园所选种植的植物感兴趣。