Nowadays, we use different products for personal cleanliness, laundry, 如今，我们使用不同的产品来清洁身体、洗衣服，
dishwashing and household cleaning, but this is very much a 20th-century development. 洗餐具和打扫家居，但这种做法主要是20世纪才发展起来的。
The origins of cleanliness date back to prehistoric times.&nbsp; 清洁习惯的起源可以追溯到史前时期。 ⭐ ️【date back to = 追溯到】
Since water is essential for life, the earliest people lived near water and knew something about its cleansing properties，at least that it rinsed mud off their hands. 由于水是生命所必需的，最早的人类居住在水源附近，对水的清洁作用有所了解，至少知道水能够冲掉手上的泥。 ⭐ ️【cleansing properties = 清洁作用／特性】 ️【rinse something off = 用水冲掉某物】
During the excavation of ancient Babylon, evidence was found that soapmaking was known as early as 2800 BC.Archaeologists discovered cylinders made of 【clay】, 在对古巴比伦遗址进行发掘的过程中，人们发现了证据，表明早在公元前2800年，人类就已经掌握了制皂技术。考古学家发现了一些黏土制成的圆筒， ⭐ ️【excavation = 考古发掘】
with inscriptions on them saying that fats were boiled with ashes. 上面的铭文记载，人们将油脂与灰烬一起煮沸。⭐️【inscription = 铭文；刻写的文字】
This is a method of making soap, though there's no reference to the purpose of this material. 这是一种制皂方法，不过铭文没有提到这种材料的用途。⭐️【there’s no reference to = 没有提及……】
The early Greeks bathed for aesthetic reasons and apparently didn't use soap. 早期希腊人洗澡是出于美观方面的考虑，而且显然并不使用肥皂。⭐️【for aesthetic reasons = 出于美观方面的考虑】
Instead, they cleaned their bodies with blocks of sand, pumice and ashes,then anointed themselves with oil, and scraped off the oil and dirt with a 【metal 】instrument known as a strigil. 相反，他们用砂块、浮石和灰烬清洁身体，然后在身上涂抹油，再用一种叫作“刮身器”的金属工具刮掉油和污垢。 ⭐ ️【pumice = 浮石】️【anoint = 涂抹油或膏】⭐️【scrape off = 刮掉】⭐️【strigil = 古代用于刮去身体油污的刮身器】
They also used oil mixed with ashes. 他们也会使用混有灰烬的油。
Clothes were washed without soap in streams. 衣服则在溪流中洗涤，不使用肥皂。
The ancient Germans and Gauls are also credited with discovering how to make a substance called 'soap', 古代日耳曼人和高卢人也被认为发现了一种叫作“肥皂”的物质的制作方法，⭐️【be credited with doing = 被认为做出了某事；获认可具有某项功绩】
made of melted animal fat and ashes. 这种物质由熔化的动物脂肪和灰烬制成。
They used this mixture to tint their hair red. 他们用这种混合物把头发染成红色。⭐️【tint = 给……染上颜色】
Soap got its name, according to an ancient Roman legend, from Mount Sapo, where animals were sacrificed, 根据一个古罗马传说，肥皂的名称来源于Sapo山，人们曾在那里用动物进行祭祀，⭐️【sacrifice = 将……作为祭品】
leaving deposits of animal fat. 留下了堆积的动物脂肪。⭐️【deposit = 沉积物；堆积物】
Rain washed these deposits, along with wood ashes, down into the clay soil along the River Tiber. 雨水把这些堆积物连同木灰一起冲入台伯河沿岸的黏土中。
Women found that this mixture greatly reduced the effort required to wash their clothes. 女性发现，这种混合物能大大减少洗衣服所需的力气。
As Roman civilisation advanced, so did bathing. The first of the famous Roman 【baths】, supplied with water from their aqueducts, was built about 312 BC. 随着罗马文明的发展，沐浴也随之发展。著名的罗马公共浴场中，第一座大约建于公元前312年，由引水渠供水。 ⭐ ️【as…so did… = 随着……，……也随之如此（话语功能：平行发展）】 ️【aqueduct = 引水渠；高架输水道】
The baths were luxurious, and bathing became very popular. 这些浴场十分豪华，沐浴也变得非常流行。
And by the second century AD, 到了公元2世纪，
the Greek physician Galen recommended soap for both medicinal and cleansing purposes. 希腊医生盖伦建议将肥皂用于医疗和清洁。⭐️【medicinal = 药用的；具有治疗作用的】
After the fall of Rome in 467 AD and the resulting decline in bathing habits, much of Europe felt the impact of filth on public health. 公元467年罗马陷落后，沐浴习惯随之衰退， 欧洲许多地区开始受到污秽环境对公共卫生造成的影响。 ⭐ ️【filth = 污秽；肮脏的污物】
This lack of personal cleanliness and related unsanitary living conditions were major factors in the outbreaks of disease in the Middle Ages, 个人清洁的缺失以及与之相关的不卫生生活条件，是中世纪疾病暴发的主要因素，⭐️【unsanitary living conditions = 不卫生的生活条件】⭐️【outbreaks of disease = 疾病暴发】
and especially the Black Death of the 14th century. 尤其是14世纪的黑死病。⭐️【the Black Death = 黑死病】
Nevertheless, soapmaking became an established craft in Europe, 尽管如此，制皂仍然在欧洲发展成为一门成熟的手艺，⭐️【nevertheless = 尽管如此（话语功能：让步转折）】⭐️【an established craft = 成熟的传统手艺】
and associations of soapmakers guarded their trade secrets closely. 制皂行业协会严格保守着他们的行业秘密。⭐️【guard trade secrets closely = 严格保守行业秘密】
Vegetable and animal oils were used with ashes of plants, along with perfume, apparently for the first time. 人们将植物油和动物油与植物灰混合使用，而且似乎首次加入了香料。
Gradually more varieties of soap became available for shaving and shampooing, 逐渐地，市场上出现了更多种类的肥皂，可用于剃须和洗发，
as well as bathing and laundering. 也可用于沐浴和洗衣。⭐️【launder = 洗涤衣物】
A major step toward large-scale commercial soapmaking occurred in 1791,&nbsp; 1791年，大规模商业制皂取得了一项重大进展， ⭐ ️【large-scale commercial soapmaking = 大规模商业制皂】
when a French chemist, Nicholas Leblanc, patented a process for turning 【salt】 into soda ash, or sodium carbonate. 当时，法国化学家Nicholas Leblanc为一种将盐转化为纯碱，也就是碳酸钠的工艺申请并取得了专利。 ⭐ ️【patent a process = 为一项工艺取得专利】⭐️【soda ash / sodium carbonate = 纯碱／碳酸钠】
Soda ash is the alkali obtained from ashes that combines with fat to form soap. 纯碱是从灰烬中获取的碱性物质，它与脂肪结合后可以形成肥皂。⭐️【alkali = 碱】⭐️【combine with = 与……结合】
The Leblanc process yielded quantities of good-quality, inexpensive soda ash.&nbsp; Leblanc工艺能够生产出大量质量优良、价格低廉的纯碱。 ⭐ ️【yield = 产出；产生】
Modern soapmaking was born some 20 years later, in the early 19th century, 大约20年后，也就是19世纪初，现代制皂技术诞生了，
with the discovery by Michel Eugène Chevreul, another French chemist, of the chemical nature and relationship of fats, glycerine and fatty acids. 这得益于另一位法国化学家Michel Eugène Chevreul对脂肪、甘油和脂肪酸的化学本质及其相互关系的发现。⭐️【glycerine = 甘油】⭐️【fatty acid = 脂肪酸】
His studies established the basis for both fat and soap chemistry, and soapmaking became a science. 他的研究奠定了脂肪化学和肥皂化学的基础，制皂也成为了一门科学。⭐️【establish the basis for = 为……奠定基础】
Further developments during the 19th century made it easier and cheaper to manufacture soap.&nbsp; 19世纪的进一步发展使肥皂的生产变得更加容易，成本也更低。
Until the 19th century, soap was regarded as a luxury item, and was heavily taxed in several countries. 直到19世纪，肥皂仍被视为奢侈品，并在一些国家被征收高额税款。⭐️【luxury item = 奢侈品】⭐️【be heavily taxed = 被征收高额税款】
As it became more readily available, it became an everyday necessity, a development that was reinforced when the high tax was removed. 随着肥皂越来越容易获得，它逐渐成为日常必需品，而高额税款的取消进一步推动了这一变化。 ⭐ ️【readily available = 容易获得的】⭐️【everyday necessity = 日常必需品】️【reinforce = 加强；进一步促进】
Soap was then something ordinary people could afford, and cleanliness standards improved. 此后，普通人也能买得起肥皂，卫生水平随之提高。
With this widespread use came the development of milder soaps for bathing and soaps for use in the washing machines 随着肥皂得到广泛使用，人们开发出了更温和的沐浴皂，以及适用于洗衣机的肥皂，⭐️【widespread use = 广泛使用】⭐️【milder soaps = 更温和、刺激性更小的肥皂】
that were available to consumers by the turn of the 20th century. 到20世纪之交，消费者已经可以买到这些洗衣机。⭐️【the turn of the 20th century = 19世纪末至20世纪初】