As chair of the town council subcommittee on park facilities, I'd like to bring you up to date on some of the changes that have been made recently to the Croft Valley Park. 作为市议会公园设施小组委员会的主席，我想向大家介绍一下最近Croft Valley Park所做的一些改动。⭐ as chair of... —— 作为……主席｜bring sb up to date on sth —— 向某人介绍……的最新情况｜park facilities —— 公园设施
So if you could just take a look at the map I handed out, let's begin with a general overview. 请大家先看一下我发给你们的地图，我们先从整体概况开始。⭐ take a look at... —— 看一下……｜hand out —— 分发｜general overview —— 总体概况
So the basic arrangement of the park hasn't changed – it still has two gates, north and south, and a lake in the middle. 公园的基本布局没有变化——仍然有南北两个入口，中间有一个湖。⭐ basic arrangement —— 基本布局｜in the middle —— 在中间
The café continues to serve an assortment of drinks and snacks and is still in the same place, looking out over the lake and next to the old museum. 咖啡馆仍然供应各种饮料和小吃，位置也没有变，仍然面向湖泊，紧邻旧博物馆。⭐ continue to do sth —— 继续做某事｜an assortment of... —— 各种各样的……｜look out over... —— 面向；俯瞰……｜next to —— 紧邻
We're hoping to change the location of the toilets, and bring them nearer to the centre of the park as they're a bit out of the way at present, near the adventure playground, in the corner of your map. 我们希望改变厕所的位置，把它们移到更靠近公园中心的地方，因为目前它们位于地图角落、靠近冒险游乐场的位置，有些偏僻。⭐ change the location of... —— 改变……的位置｜bring sth nearer to... —— 将某物移近……｜out of the way —— 偏僻的；不方便到达的｜at present —— 目前
The formal gardens have been replanted and should be at their best in a month or two. 正式花园已经重新栽种，再过一两个月就会达到最佳观赏状态。⭐ formal garden —— 正式花园（规则式园林）｜be replanted —— 被重新栽种｜be at one's best —— 处于最佳状态
They used to be behind the old museum, but we've now used the space near the south gate 它们过去位于旧博物馆后面，但现在我们改用了南门附近的区域。⭐ used to be... —— 过去位于……｜use the space —— 利用这块区域
– between the park boundary and the path that goes past the lake towards the old museum. ——位于公园边界和那条经过湖边、通往旧博物馆的小路之间。⭐ park boundary —— 公园边界｜go past... —— 经过……｜towards... —— 朝向……
We have a new outdoor gym for adults and children, which is already proving very popular. 我们新建了一个供成人和儿童使用的户外健身区，目前已经非常受欢迎。⭐ outdoor gym —— 户外健身区｜prove popular —— 证明很受欢迎
It's by the glass houses, just to the right of the path from the south gate. 它位于温室旁边，就在从南门出来那条小路的右侧。⭐ by... —— 在……旁边｜just to the right of... —— 就在……右侧
You have to look for it as it's a bit hidden in the trees. 你需要仔细找一下，因为它有点隐藏在树林里。⭐ look for... —— 寻找……｜hidden in... —— 藏在……
One very successful introduction has been our skateboard ramp. 一个非常成功的新设施就是我们的滑板坡道。⭐ introduction —— 新增设施；引入项目｜skateboard ramp —— 滑板坡道
It's in constant use during the evenings and holidays. 它在晚上和假日期间一直都有人使用。⭐ be in constant use —— 一直在使用
It's near the old museum, at the end of a little path that leads off from the main path between the lake and the museum. 它位于旧博物馆附近，在一条从湖与博物馆之间主路分出来的小路尽头。⭐ at the end of... —— 在……尽头｜lead off from... —— 从……分出去
We've also introduced a new area for wild flowers, to attract bees and butterflies. 我们还新增了一块野花区，用来吸引蜜蜂和蝴蝶。⭐ wild flowers —— 野花｜attract —— 吸引
It's on a bend in the path that goes round the east side of the lake, just south of the adventure playground. 它位于环绕湖东侧小路的一个弯道上，就在冒险游乐场南边。⭐ on a bend —— 在弯道处｜go round... —— 环绕……｜east side —— 东侧｜just south of... —— 就在……南边
Now let me tell you a bit more about some of the changes to Croft Valley Park. 现在让我再详细介绍一下Croft Valley Park的一些改动。⭐ tell sb more about... —— 更详细介绍……
One of our most exciting developments has been the adventure playground. 我们最令人兴奋的新建设之一就是冒险游乐场。⭐ development —— 新建设；新项目｜adventure playground —— 冒险游乐场
We were aware that we had nowhere for children to let off steam, and decided to use our available funds to set up a completely new facility in a large space to the north of the park. 我们意识到没有地方可以让孩子们尽情活动，因此决定利用现有资金，在公园北部的一大片空地建设一个全新的设施。⭐ be aware that... —— 意识到……｜let off steam —— 发泄精力；释放活力｜available funds —— 可用资金｜set up —— 建立；建设｜facility —— 设施
It's open year-round, though it closes early in the winter months, and entrance is completely free. 它全年开放，不过冬季会提前关闭，而且完全免费进入。⭐ year-round —— 全年｜winter months —— 冬季月份｜entrance is free —— 免费入场
Children can choose whatever activities they want to do, irrespective of their age, but we do ask adults not to leave them on their own there. 孩子们可以自由选择任何活动，不受年龄限制，不过我们确实要求家长不要把他们单独留在那里。⭐ whatever... —— 无论什么……｜irrespective of... —— 不论……｜on one's own —— 独自
There are plenty of seats where parents can relax and keep an eye on their children at the same time. 那里有很多座位，家长可以一边休息，一边照看孩子。⭐ plenty of... —— 很多……｜keep an eye on... —— 照看；留意……
Lastly, the glass houses. 最后，说说温室。⭐ glass house —— 温室
A huge amount of work has been done on them to repair the damage following the disastrous fire that recently destroyed their western side. 为了修复前段时间那场严重火灾造成的损坏，我们对温室进行了大量维修，那场火灾摧毁了温室的西侧。⭐ a huge amount of work —— 大量工作｜repair the damage —— 修复损坏｜following... —— 在……之后｜disastrous fire —— 灾难性火灾｜western side —— 西侧
Over £80,000 was spent on replacing the glass walls and the metal supports, as well as the plants that had been destroyed, 我们花费了超过£80,000，更换玻璃墙、金属支架，以及那些已经被烧毁的植物。⭐ spend money on... —— 花钱用于……｜replace —— 更换｜metal supports —— 金属支架｜as well as —— 以及
although unfortunately the collection of tropical palm trees has proved too expensive to replace up to now. 不过遗憾的是，那批热带棕榈树收藏至今仍因费用过高而无法更换。⭐ tropical palm trees —— 热带棕榈树｜prove too...to... —— 证明太……而不能……｜up to now —— 到目前为止
At present the glass houses are open from 10am to 3pm Mondays to Thursdays, and it's hoped to extend this to the weekend soon. 目前温室开放时间为周一至周四上午10点到下午3点，希望很快能够延长到周末。⭐ at present —— 目前｜be open from...to... —— 开放时间为……｜extend...to... —— 延长至……
We're grateful to all those who helped us by contributing their time and money to this achievement. 我们非常感谢所有通过投入时间和资金帮助我们完成这一成果的人。⭐ be grateful to... —— 感谢……｜contribute...to... —— 为……贡献……｜achievement —— 成果
The gardens have … 花园已经……