So, hello everyone. 大家好。
My name's Lou Miller and I'm going to be your tour guide today as we take this fantastic boat trip around the Tasmanian coast. 我叫 Lou Miller，今天将担任大家的导游，带领大家进行这趟精彩的塔斯马尼亚海岸游船之旅。（tour guide 导游；coast 海岸）
Before we set off, I just want to tell you a few things about our journey. 出发之前，我想先给大家介绍一些关于这次行程的信息。（set off 出发）
Our boats aren't huge as you can see. 正如大家所见，我们的船并不大。
We already have three staff members on board and on top of that, we can transport a further fifteen people – that's you – around the coastline. 船上已经有三名工作人员，除此之外，我们还能再搭载十五名游客，也就是你们，一起沿着海岸线航行。（on board 在船上；on top of that 此外）
But please note if there are more than nine people on either side of the boat, we'll move some of you over, otherwise all eighteen of us will end up in the sea! 不过请注意，如果船的任何一侧超过九个人，我们就得请部分乘客换位置，否则我们十八个人最后可能都会掉进海里！（either side of 两侧任意一边；end up 最终落得……结果）
We've recently upgraded all our boats. 最近我们对所有游船进行了升级。（upgrade 升级）
They used to be jet black, but our new ones now have these comfortable dark red seats and a light-green exterior in order to stand out from others and help promote our company. 过去这些船是纯黑色的，而现在的新船配备了舒适的深红色座椅和浅绿色外观，以便与其他船只区分开来，同时也有助于宣传我们公司。（jet black 漆黑的；exterior 外部、外观；stand out from 从……中脱颖而出）
This gives our boats a rather unique appearance, don't you think? 这样让我们的游船拥有相当独特的外观，不是吗？
We offer you a free lunchbox during the trip and we have three types. 旅途中我们会免费提供午餐盒，共有三种选择。
Lunchbox 1 contains ham and tomato sandwiches. 1号午餐盒里有火腿番茄三明治。
Lunchbox 2 contains a cheddar cheese roll and Lunchbox 3 is salad-based and also contains eggs and tuna. 2号午餐盒里有切达奶酪面包卷；3号午餐盒以沙拉为主，同时包含鸡蛋和金枪鱼。（cheddar cheese 切达奶酪；salad-based 以沙拉为主的）
All three lunchboxes also have a packet of crisps and chocolate bar inside. 三种午餐盒里都包含一包薯片和一块巧克力棒。（英式英语 crisps = 美式英语 chips）
Please let staff know which lunchbox you prefer. 请告诉工作人员你更喜欢哪一种午餐盒。
I'm sure I don't have to ask you not to throw anything into the sea. 我相信不用特意提醒大家不要往海里扔东西。
We don't have any bins to put litter in, but Jess, myself or Ray, our other guide, will collect it from you after lunch and put it all in a large plastic sack. 船上没有垃圾桶，不过午餐后，Jess、我本人或者另一位导游 Ray 会帮大家收集垃圾，并统一装进一个大塑料袋里。（litter 垃圾；sack 大袋子）
The engine on the boat makes quite a lot of noise so before we head off, let me tell you a few things about what you're going to see. 船上的发动机会产生相当大的噪音，因此在出发之前，让我先介绍一下大家即将看到的景观。
This area is famous for its ancient lighthouse, which you'll see from the boat as we turn past the first little island. 这个地区以其古老的灯塔而闻名，当我们绕过第一座小岛时，大家就能从船上看到它。（lighthouse 灯塔）
It was built in 1838 to protect sailors as a number of shipwrecks had led to significant loss of life. 这座灯塔建于1838年，目的是保护水手，因为此前发生过多起沉船事故，造成了大量人员伤亡。（shipwreck 沉船事故；loss of life 人员死亡）
The construction itself was complicated as some of the original drawings kept by the local council show. 正如当地政府保存的一些原始设计图所显示的那样，这座灯塔的建造过程本身相当复杂。（drawings 设计图纸）
It sits right on top of the cliffs in a very isolated spot. 它坐落在悬崖顶部一个十分偏僻的位置。（cliff 悬崖；isolated 偏远的、孤立的）
In the nineteenth century there were many jobs there, such as polishing the brass lamps, chopping firewood and cleaning windows, that kept lighthouse keepers busy. 19世纪时，灯塔里有许多工作，例如擦拭黄铜灯具、劈柴和擦窗户，这些工作让灯塔看守员一直十分忙碌。（brass 黄铜；chop firewood 劈柴）
These workers were mainly prison convicts until the middle of that century when ordinary families willing to live in such circumstances took over. 这些工作人员最初主要是监狱囚犯，直到19世纪中叶，才由愿意在这种环境中生活的普通家庭接替。（convict 囚犯；take over 接管）
Some of you have asked me what creatures we can expect to see. 有些人问过我，我们可能会看到哪些动物。
I know everyone loves the penguins, but they're very shy and, unfortunately, tend to hide from passing boats, but you might see birds in the distance, such as sea eagles, flying around the cliff edges where they nest. 我知道大家都喜欢企鹅，但它们非常害羞，很遗憾通常会躲避经过的船只。不过大家或许能远远看到一些鸟类，比如海雕，它们会在悬崖边缘的巢穴附近飞翔。（penguin 企鹅；sea eagle 海雕；nest 筑巢）
When we get to the rocky area inhabited by fur seals, we'll stop and watch them swimming around the coast. 当我们到达毛皮海豹栖息的岩石区域时，我们会停下来观察它们在海岸附近游泳。（inhabited by 栖息着；fur seal 毛皮海豹）
They're inquisitive creatures so don't be surprised if one pops up right in front of you. 它们是很好奇的动物，所以如果有一只突然冒到你面前，请不要感到惊讶。（inquisitive 好奇的；pop up 突然出现）
Their predators, orca whales, hunt along the coastline too, but spotting one of these is rare. 它们的天敌虎鲸也会沿着海岸线捕猎，不过想看到虎鲸是很罕见的。（predator 捕食者；orca whale 虎鲸）
Dolphins, on the other hand, can sometimes approach on their own or in groups as they ride the waves beside us. 另一方面，海豚有时会单独或成群靠近我们的船，在旁边乘浪前行。（on their own 独自地；ride the waves 乘浪前进）
Lastly, I want to mention the caves. 最后，我想介绍一下洞穴。
Tasmania is famous for its caves and the ones we'll pass by are so amazing that people are lost for words when they see them. 塔斯马尼亚以洞穴闻名，而我们即将经过的这些洞穴壮观得让人看后都不知道该说什么。（be lost for words 惊讶得说不出话）
They can only be approached by sea, but if you feel that you want to see more than we're able to show you, then you can take a kayak into the area on another day and one of our staff will give you more information on that. 这些洞穴只能从海上接近。如果你觉得还想看得更深入一些，可以改天乘皮划艇进入该区域，我们的工作人员会为你提供更多相关信息。（approach by sea 从海路接近；kayak 皮划艇）
What we'll do is to go through a narrow channel, past some incredible rock formations and from there we'll be able to see the openings to the caves, and at that point we'll talk to you about what lies beyond. 接下来我们会穿过一条狭窄的水道，经过一些壮观的岩石地貌。从那里大家就能看到洞穴入口，届时我们会向大家介绍洞穴深处的情况。（channel 水道；rock formation 岩层地貌、岩石构造；what lies beyond 更深处有什么）