Right, everyone, let’s make a start. 好了，各位，我们开始吧。⭐️【make a start = 开始（话语功能：开启讲述）】
Over the past few sessions, we’ve been considering the reasons why some world languages are in decline, and today I’m going to introduce another factor that affects languages, and the speakers of those languages, and that’s technology and, in particular, digital technology. 在过去几节课中，我们一直在探讨一些世界语言逐渐衰落的原因；今天，我将介绍另一个影响语言及其使用者的因素，那就是科技，尤其是数字技术。⭐️【be in decline = 处于衰落之中】⭐️【in particular = 尤其（话语功能：突出重点）】⭐️【digital technology = 数字技术】
In order to illustrate its effect, I’m going to focus on the Icelandic language, which is spoken by around 321,000 people, most of whom live in Iceland – an island in the North Atlantic Ocean. 为了说明它所产生的影响，我将重点讨论冰岛语。大约有32.1万人使用这种语言，其中大多数人生活在冰岛——北大西洋上的一个岛国。⭐️【illustrate the effect = 说明其影响】⭐️【focus on = 重点讨论】
The problem for this language is not the number of speakers – even though this number is small. 这种语言面临的问题并不在于使用者的数量——尽管这个数字的确不大。⭐️【even though = 尽管（话语功能：让步）】
Nor is it about losing words to other languages, such as English. In fact, the vocabulary of Icelandic is continually increasing&nbsp; 问题也不在于它的词语被英语等其他语言取代。 事实上，冰岛语的词汇量一直在增加， ⭐ ️【nor is it about = 问题也不在于……（话语功能：承接否定／补充排除）】⭐️【lose words to another language = 词语被另一种语言取代】
because when speakers need a new word for something, they tend to create one, rather than borrowing from another language. 因为使用者需要用新词表达某种事物时，往往会自己创造一个，而不是从其他语言中借用。 ⭐ ️【in fact = 事实上（话语功能：补充／纠正预期）】⭐️【rather than = 而不是（话语功能：对比选择）】⭐️【borrow from another language = 从另一种语言中借词】
All this makes Icelandic quite a special language – it’s changed very little in the past millennium, yet it can handle twenty-first-century concepts related to the use of computers and digital technology. 这一切使冰岛语成为一种相当特殊的语言——过去一千年间，它几乎没有发生变化，却能够表达与计算机和数字技术应用有关的21世纪概念。⭐️【millennium = 一千年；千年】⭐️【handle a concept = 表达／处理某个概念】⭐️【yet = 然而；却（话语功能：转折）】
Take, for example, the word for web browser … this is vafri in Icelandic, which comes from the verb ‘to wander’. 以“网页浏览器”这个词为例……它在冰岛语中是vafri，来源于表示“漫游”的动词。⭐️【take, for example = 以……为例（话语功能：引出例证）】⭐️【web browser = 网页浏览器】⭐️【come from = 来源于】⭐️【wander = 漫游；闲逛】
I can’t think of a more appropriate term because that’s exactly what you do mentally when you browse the internet. 我想不到比这更贴切的说法，因为浏览互联网时，你的思绪所做的恰恰就是“漫游”。⭐️【appropriate term = 贴切的用语】⭐️【mentally = 在思维层面】⭐️【browse the internet = 浏览互联网】
Then there’s an Icelandic word for podcast – which is too hard to pronounce! And so on. 此外，冰岛语中还有一个表示“播客”的词——不过它实在太难发音了！诸如此类。⭐️【and so on = 等等；诸如此类】
Icelandic, then, is alive and growing, but – and it’s a big but – young Icelanders spend a great deal of time in the digital world and this world is predominantly English. 因此，冰岛语仍然充满活力并不断发展，但这里存在一个非常重要的转折：冰岛年轻人在数字世界中投入了大量时间，而这个世界主要使用英语。⭐️【alive and growing = 充满活力并不断发展】⭐️【it’s a big but = 这是一个非常重要的转折／问题】⭐️【a great deal of time = 大量时间】⭐️【predominantly = 主要地；占主导地位地】
Think about smartphones. 想想智能手机。
They didn’t even exist until comparatively recently, but today young people use them all the time to read books, watch TV or films, play games, listen to music, and so on. 直到相对较近的时期，智能手机甚至还不存在；但如今，年轻人一直在用它们读书、看电视或电影、玩游戏、听音乐等等。⭐️【comparatively recently = 相对较近的时期】
Obviously, this is a good thing in many respects because it promotes their bilingual skills, but the extent of the influence of English in the virtual world is staggering and it’s all happening really fast. 显然，从许多方面来说，这是件好事，因为它能够提升年轻人的双语能力；但英语在虚拟世界中的影响程度令人震惊，而且这一切发展得极其迅速。 ⭐ ️【in many respects = 在许多方面】⭐️【bilingual skills = 双语能力】⭐️【the extent of = ……的程度】⭐️【the virtual world = 虚拟世界】⭐️【staggering = 令人震惊的】
For their parents and grandparents, the change is less concerning because they already have their native-speaker skills in Icelandic. 对于这些年轻人的父母和祖父母而言，这种变化没那么令人担忧，因为他们已经具备冰岛语母语者的语言能力。⭐️【native-speaker skills = 母语者的语言能力】
But for young speakers – well, the outcome is a little troubling. 但对于年轻的语言使用者来说，结果就有些令人不安了。⭐️【outcome = 结果】⭐️【troubling = 令人不安的】
For example, teachers have found that playground conversations in Icelandic secondary schools can be conducted entirely in English,&nbsp; 例如，教师发现，冰岛中学里的操场交谈完全可以用英语进行； ⭐ ️【conduct a conversation in = 使用……进行交谈】⭐️【while = 与此同时（话语功能：并列对照）】⭐️【report situations where = 报告出现……的情况】
while teachers of much younger children have reported situations where their classes find it easier to say what is in a picture using English, rather than Icelandic. 与此同时，年龄小得多的儿童的老师也报告说，班里的孩子觉得用英语描述图片内容比用冰岛语更加容易。 ⭐ new_word: 释义
The very real and worrying consequence of all this is that the young generation in Iceland is at risk of losing its mother tongue. 这一切造成了一个非常现实且令人担忧的后果：冰岛年轻一代正面临失去母语的风险。⭐️【consequence = 后果】⭐️【be at risk of doing = 面临做……的风险】⭐️【mother tongue = 母语】
Of course, this is happening to other European languages too, but while internet companies might be willing to offer, say, French options in their systems, it’s much harder for them to justify the expense of doing the same for a language that has a population the size of a French town, such as Nice. 当然，其他欧洲语言也在经历这种情况；但互联网公司或许愿意在系统中提供法语等语言选项，却很难证明为一种使用人口只相当于法国一座城市——例如尼斯——的语言提供同类服务是值得这笔开支的。 ⭐ ️【say = 比如；譬如（话语功能：引出例子）】⭐️【justify the expense of = 证明……的开支合理／值得】⭐️【a population the size of = 与……规模相当的人口】
The other drawback of Icelandic is the grammar, which is significantly more complex than in most languages. 冰岛语的另一个不利因素是其语法，它比大多数语言的语法复杂得多。⭐️【drawback = 缺点；不利因素】⭐️【significantly more complex = 复杂得多】
At the moment, the tech giants are simply not interested in tackling this. 目前，科技巨头根本无意解决这一问题。⭐️【tech giant = 科技巨头】⭐️【tackle a problem = 处理／解决问题】
So, what is the Icelandic government doing about this? 那么，冰岛政府正在采取什么措施应对这个问题呢？⭐️【do something about = 采取措施处理……】
Well, large sums of money are being allocated to a language technology fund that it is hoped will lead to the development of Icelandic sourced apps and other social media and digital systems, but clearly this is going to be an uphill struggle. 政府正在向一项语言技术基金拨付巨额资金，希望借此推动冰岛语应用程序以及其他社交媒体和数字系统的开发；但很明显，这将是一场艰苦的斗争。⭐️【large sums of money = 巨额资金】⭐️【allocate money to = 向……拨付资金】⭐️【lead to the development of = 推动／促成……的开发】⭐️【Icelandic sourced = 以冰岛语为基础的】⭐️【an uphill struggle = 一场艰苦且胜算不大的斗争】
On the positive side, they know that Icelandic is still the official language of education and government. 从积极的一面来看，冰岛语仍然是教育和政府事务的官方语言。⭐️【on the positive side = 从积极的一面来看（话语功能：转换至正面因素）】
It has survived for well over a thousand years and the experts predict that its future in this nation state is sound and will continue to be so. 它已经延续了一千多年，专家预测它在这个民族国家中的发展前景依然稳固，并且会继续保持下去。⭐️【well over = 远远超过】⭐️【nation state = 民族国家】⭐️【a sound future = 稳固的发展前景】⭐️【continue to be so = 继续保持如此】
However, there’s no doubt that it’s becoming an inevitable second choice in young people’s lives. 然而，毫无疑问，冰岛语正在不可避免地成为年轻人生活中的第二选择。⭐️【there’s no doubt that = 毫无疑问……】⭐️【inevitable = 不可避免的】⭐️【second choice = 第二选择；次要选择】
This raises important questions. 这引出了几个重要问题。⭐️【raise a question = 引出／提出问题】
When you consider how much of the past is tied up in a language, will young Icelanders lose their sense of their own identity? 当我们考虑到一种语言承载了多少历史时，冰岛年轻人会不会失去对自身身份的认同感？⭐️【be tied up in = 与……紧密相连；蕴含在……之中】⭐️【a sense of identity = 身份认同感】
Another issue that concerns the government of Iceland is this. 冰岛政府担忧的另一个问题是：
If children are learning two languages through different routes, neither of which they are fully fluent in, will they be able to express themselves properly? 如果儿童通过不同途径学习两种语言，但对任何一种都不能完全流利地使用，他们还能否准确地表达自己？ ⭐ ️【through different routes = 通过不同途径】⭐️【be fully fluent in = 能够完全流利地使用……】⭐️【express yourself = 表达自己】