Good afternoon. 下午好。
My name's Mrs Carter and I run the before and after school extended hours childcare service. 我叫 Carter 女士，负责学校课前和课后的延时托管服务。⭐ run = 负责；管理｜extended hours childcare service = 延时托管服务
I hope you've had a chance to have a good look around the school and talk to staff and pupils. 希望大家已经有机会好好参观一下学校，并和教职员工及学生交流过。⭐ have a good look around = 好好参观；四处仔细看看
I know that many of you are interested in using our childcare service when your child joins the school, and perhaps you already know something about it, but for those that don't, I'll go through the main details now. 我知道很多家长都有兴趣在孩子入学后使用我们的托管服务，也许有些人已经对它有所了解，但对于还不了解的家长，我现在会把主要情况介绍一下。⭐ join the school = 入学；进入这所学校就读｜go through = 逐一讲解；介绍
We offer childcare for children from the ages of four to eleven both before and after school. 我们为4岁至11岁的儿童提供课前和课后托管服务。⭐ offer childcare = 提供儿童托管服务
I know that many parents who work find this service invaluable. 我知道很多需要工作的家长都觉得这项服务非常宝贵。⭐ invaluable = 极其有价值的；非常宝贵的
You can leave your child with us safe in the knowledge that they will be extremely well cared for. 您可以放心地把孩子交给我们，因为您可以确定他们会得到非常周到的照顾。⭐ safe in the knowledge that = 放心，因为知道……｜be well cared for = 得到妥善照顾
We are insured to provide care for up to 70 children, although we rarely have this many attending at any one session. 按照我们的保险规定，我们最多可以照看70名儿童，不过任何一场托管活动通常都很少会有这么多人参加。⭐ be insured to do = 按保险范围获准做……｜up to = 最多；高达｜at any one session = 在任何一场单次活动中
I think we generally expect around 50–60 children for the afternoon sessions and about half that number for the breakfast sessions. 通常下午托管大约会有50到60名儿童，而早餐托管的人数大概是这个数字的一半。⭐ breakfast session = 早餐时段的托管
Although we currently do have 70 children registered with us, not all of these attend every day. 虽然目前确实有70名儿童在我们这里登记注册，但并不是所有人每天都会参加。⭐ be registered with = 在……登记；注册于……
It's ten years since we began offering an extended hours service and we've come a long way during that time. 我们开始提供延时托管服务已经十年了，在这段时间里，我们取得了很大的发展。⭐ come a long way = 取得很大进步；有很大发展
When we first opened, we only had about 20 children attending regularly. 刚开始运营时，只有大约20名儿童会定期参加。⭐ attend regularly = 定期参加
We try to keep our costs as low as we can and we think we provide very good value for money. 我们尽量把费用控制得尽可能低，同时也认为我们的服务非常物有所值。⭐ keep costs low = 控制成本/费用｜value for money = 物有所值；性价比高
For the afternoon sessions, which run from 3.30 until 6 p.m., it's £7.20. 下午托管从3点半持续到6点，费用为7.20英镑。⭐ run from…until… = 从……持续到……
But if you prefer, you can pay for one hour only, which costs £3.50, or two hours which costs £5.70. 不过，如果您愿意，也可以只支付一小时的费用，为3.50英镑；两小时则是5.70英镑。⭐ if you prefer = 如果您更愿意；如果您喜欢的话
The cost of the childcare includes food and snacks. 托管费用包括正餐和零食。
They'll be given breakfast in the morning and in the afternoon, a healthy snack as soon as they finish school. 孩子们早上会吃早餐，下午一放学就会得到一份健康的小吃。
At 5 p.m. children are given something more substantial, such as pasta or a casserole. 下午5点，孩子们会吃一些更能填饱肚子的食物，比如意大利面或炖菜。⭐ substantial = 分量较足的；更能填饱肚子的｜casserole = 炖菜；焗炖菜
Please inform us of any allergies that your child might have and we'll make sure they're offered a suitable alternative. 如果您的孩子有任何过敏情况，请告知我们，我们会确保为他们提供合适的替代食物。⭐ inform somebody of something = 告知某人某事｜suitable alternative = 合适的替代选择
As you may know, the childcare service runs through the school holidays from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. 大家可能已经知道，这项托管服务在学校假期期间也会持续开放，时间为早上8点至下午6点。⭐ run through = 持续贯穿；在整个……期间运行｜school holidays = 学校假期
We offer a really varied and exciting programme to keep the children entertained – we don't want them to feel as if they are still at school! 我们会安排非常丰富而有趣的活动，让孩子们玩得开心——我们可不希望他们觉得自己还在学校上课！⭐ varied = 多样化的；丰富的｜keep somebody entertained = 让某人保持愉快；让某人有事可做、不无聊
It will also feel different because they'll get the chance to make new friends with children from other schools – spaces are available for them 这里的体验也会有所不同，因为孩子们有机会和其他学校的孩子交朋友——我们也有名额可以提供给他们，⭐ make new friends with = 与……结交新朋友｜spaces are available = 有空余名额
because a lot of our term-time children don't always attend during the holiday. 因为很多平时学期期间参加托管的孩子，在假期里并不一定会来。⭐ term-time = 学期期间
In the past, parents have asked if children over the age of 11 are allowed to come with their younger brothers and sisters – but I'm afraid we're unable to do this because of the type of insurance we have. 过去有家长问过，11岁以上的孩子是否可以陪同弟弟妹妹一起来，但很遗憾，由于我们所购买的保险类型，我们无法这样安排。⭐ be allowed to do = 被允许做……｜I'm afraid… = 很遗憾……；恐怕……
So now let me tell you about some of the activities that your child can do during the afterschool sessions. 那么接下来，我来介绍一下孩子们在课后托管期间可以参加的一些活动。⭐ afterschool sessions = 课后托管时段
As well as being able to use the playground equipment, computers and the library, there is usually at least one 'special' activity that children can do each day. 除了可以使用游乐设施、电脑和图书馆之外，每天通常还至少会安排一项孩子们可以参加的"特色"活动。⭐ as well as = 除……之外还……｜playground equipment = 游乐场设施
For example, Spanish. 例如，西班牙语。
We have a specialist teacher coming in every Thursday to give a basic introduction to the language through games and songs. 每周四都会有一位专业老师过来，通过游戏和歌曲给孩子们进行西班牙语的基础入门教学。⭐ specialist teacher = 专业教师｜give an introduction to = 对……作入门介绍
She does two sessions: one for the over 8s and one for the younger children. 她会上两节课：一节面向8岁以上的孩子，另一节面向年龄较小的孩子。⭐ the over 8s = 8岁以上的儿童
This is the only activity which we have to make an extra charge for – but it's well worth it. 这是唯一一项我们需要额外收费的活动——不过它非常值得。⭐ make an extra charge for = 对……额外收费｜be well worth it = 非常值得
Once a week the children have the opportunity to do some music. 孩子们每周还有一次参加音乐活动的机会。⭐ have the opportunity to do = 有机会做……
We're very lucky that one of our staff is a member of a folk band. 我们很幸运，有一位员工是一支民谣乐队的成员。⭐ folk band = 民谣乐队
On Mondays, she teaches singing and percussion to groups of children. 每周一，她会分组教孩子们唱歌和打击乐。⭐ percussion = 打击乐
We do rely on parental support for this, so if any of you sing or play an instrument and would be prepared to help out at these sessions, we'd be delighted. 这项活动确实需要家长的支持，所以如果各位会唱歌或演奏乐器，并且愿意在这些活动中帮忙，我们会非常高兴。⭐ rely on = 依靠；依赖｜be prepared to do = 愿意做；准备好做｜help out = 帮忙；搭把手
Painting continues to be one of the most popular activities. 绘画一直是最受欢迎的活动之一。
To begin with we weren't keen on offering this because of the extra mess involved, but children kept asking if they could do some art and so we finally gave in. 一开始我们并不太想开设这项活动，因为会额外弄得很乱，但孩子们一直要求能不能做些美术活动，所以最后我们还是妥协了。⭐ to begin with = 一开始；最初｜be keen on = 喜欢；热衷于｜mess involved = 随之带来的混乱/脏乱｜give in = 让步；妥协
Art is great for helping the children to relax after working hard at school all day. 孩子们在学校辛苦学习了一整天之后，美术活动非常有助于他们放松。
Yoga is something that we've been meaning to introduce for some time but haven't been able to find anyone available to teach it – until now that is. 瑜伽是我们有一段时间以来一直想引入的活动，但之前一直找不到有时间来教授的人——不过现在终于找到了。⭐ have been meaning to do = 一直想做某事｜for some time = 有一段时间｜until now that is = 不过现在情况不同了；直到现在才改变
So we'll see how this goes. 所以我们会看看效果如何。⭐ see how it goes = 看看进展/效果如何
Hopefully, children will benefit in all sorts of ways from this. 希望孩子们能够从中在各个方面受益。⭐ benefit from = 从……中受益｜in all sorts of ways = 在各种方面
Cooking is another popular activity. 烹饪也是一项很受欢迎的活动。
They make a different sort of cake, or pizza or bread each week. 他们每周都会制作不同种类的蛋糕、披萨或面包。
Although the younger children love doing it, we found that the mess was just too much, so we've decided to restrict this to the over 8s, as they are better able to clean up after themselves. 虽然年龄较小的孩子很喜欢这项活动，但我们发现现场实在太难收拾了，所以决定将这项活动限制在8岁以上的孩子参加，因为他们更有能力在活动结束后自己把弄乱的地方收拾干净。⭐ restrict something to = 将某事限制在……范围内｜the over 8s = 8岁以上的儿童｜clean up after oneself = 收拾自己弄乱的东西；自己善后