Woman: Jack, I’m thinking of taking the kids to the seaside on a surfing holiday this summer and I wanted to ask your advice – as I know you’re such an expert. 女：Jack，我正考虑今年夏天带孩子们去海边度冲浪假期，想听听你的建议——因为我知道你是这方面的专家。⭐️【take someone on a holiday = 带某人去度假】⭐️【ask someone’s advice = 征求某人的建议】
Jack: Well, I don’t know about that, but yes, I’ve done a bit of surfing over the years. Jack：这个嘛，我可不敢当，不过这些年来我的确冲过一些浪。⭐️【I don’t know about that = 我可不敢当／这倒未必】⭐️【over the years = 这些年来】
I’d thoroughly recommend it. 我非常推荐这项活动。⭐️【thoroughly recommend = 强烈推荐】
I think it’s the kind of holiday all the family can enjoy together. 我觉得这种假期适合全家人一起享受。
The thing about surfing is that it’s great for all ages and all abilities. 冲浪的特点在于，它适合各个年龄段和各种能力水平的人。⭐️【the thing about ... is that = ……的特点／关键在于……】⭐️【for all ages and abilities = 适合各个年龄段和能力水平】
My youngest started when he was only three! 我家最小的孩子才三岁就开始冲浪了！
Woman: Wow! 女：哇！
But it’s quite physically demanding, isn’t it? I’ve heard you need to be pretty fit. 但冲浪对体能要求很高，对吧？ 我听说身体要相当强健才行。 ⭐ ️【physically demanding = 对体能要求很高的】 ️【be physically fit = 身体强健】
Jack: Yes. You’ll certainly learn more quickly and won’t tire as easily. 是的。身体素质好，学习速度肯定会更快，也不会那么容易疲劳。
Woman: Well – that should be OK for us. 女：嗯——那我们应该没问题。
You’ve been surfing a few times in Ireland, haven’t you? 你在爱尔兰冲过几次浪，对吧？
Jack: Yes. There’s some great surfing there, which people don’t always realise. 那里有一些很棒的冲浪地点，只是人们不一定了解。是的。
Woman: And which locations would you recommend? 女：那么，你会推荐哪些地点？
– there seem to be quite a few. ——看起来可选择的地方相当多。
Jack: Yes, there are loads. Jack：是的，多得很。⭐️【there are loads = 有很多】
Last year we went to County Donegal. 去年，我们去了多尼戈尔郡。
There are several great places to surf there. 那里有好几个非常适合冲浪的地方。
Woman: What about in County Clare? 女：克莱尔郡怎么样？
I read that’s also really good for surfing. 我看到资料说，那里也非常适合冲浪。
Jack: Yes, it is. Jack：是的，确实如此。
I’ve been there a few times. 我去过那里几次。
Most people go to Lahinch. 大多数人都会去拉欣奇。
My kids love it there. 我的孩子们很喜欢那里。
The waves aren’t too challenging and the town is very lively. 那里的海浪不会太难驾驭，而且镇上十分热闹。⭐️【challenging = 有难度的；具有挑战性的】
Woman: Are there good hotels there?Jack: Yes – some very nice ones and there are also a few basic hostels and campsites.&nbsp; 女：那里有不错的酒店吗？Jack：有——其中一些很不错，另外也有几家设施简单的青年旅舍和露营地。 ⭐ ️【basic hostel = 设施较简单的青年旅舍】⭐️【campsite = 露营地】
It’s great if you need lessons as the surf schools are excellent. 如果需要上课，那里也很合适，因为当地的冲浪学校非常出色。
Woman: Sounds good. 女：听起来不错。
Jack: Yes and there’s lots to see in the area – like those well-known cliffs – …&nbsp; I’ve forgotten the name of them … 是的，而且当地还有很多值得游览的地方——比如那些著名的悬崖——……我忘记它们叫什么了……
Woman: Oh don’t worry – I can look them up. 女：哦，别担心——我可以自己查一下。⭐️【look something up = 查找；查阅】
Jack: I’ve also been surfing in County Mayo, which is less well-known for surfing, but we had a really good time. 我还在梅奥郡冲过浪，那里作为冲浪地点没有那么知名，但我们玩得非常开心。 ⭐ ️【be less well-known for = 不太以……闻名】
That was a few years ago when the kids were younger. 那是几年前的事，当时孩子们还比较小。
There’s a good surf school at Carrowniskey beach.&nbsp; Carrowniskey海滩有一家不错的冲浪学校。
Woman: How do you spell that?&nbsp;Jack: C-A-double R-O-W-N-I-S-K-E-Y&nbsp; 女：那个名字怎么拼？Jack：C-A、两个R、O-W-N-I-S-K-E-Y。
Jack: I put the kids into the surf camp they run during the summer for 10–16 year olds. Jack：我让孩子们参加了他们在夏季为10至16岁青少年开设的冲浪营。⭐️【put someone into a programme = 让某人参加某项目】⭐️【run a camp = 开办训练营】
Woman: Oh right. 女：哦，明白了。
How long was that for?Jack: Three hours every day for a week.&nbsp; 训练营持续多长时间？Jack：连续一周，每天三个小时。
It was perfect – they were so tired out after that. 这安排太完美了——结束后，他们累得筋疲力尽。⭐️【be tired out = 筋疲力尽】
Woman: I can imagine. 女：我能想象得到。
Jack: One thing we did while the kids were surfing was to rent some kayaks to have a look around the bay which is nearby. Jack：孩子们冲浪时，我们做的一件事是租几艘皮划艇，在附近的海湾四处游览。⭐️【rent a kayak = 租用皮划艇】⭐️【have a look around = 四处看看；游览】
It’s really beautiful. 那里真的很美。
Woman: Oh, I’d love to do that. 女：哦，我很想体验一下。
Woman: Now the only time I went to Ireland it rained practically every day. 女：不过，我唯一一次去爱尔兰时，几乎天天下雨。⭐️【practically every day = 几乎每天】
Jack: Mmm yes – that can be a problem – but you can surf in the rain, you know. Jack：嗯，是的——天气确实可能是个问题——但下雨时也可以冲浪啊。
Woman: It doesn’t have the same appeal, somehow. 女：但不知为什么，那样冲浪就没那么有吸引力了。⭐️【have the same appeal = 具有同样的吸引力】⭐️【somehow = 不知为什么；不知怎的】
Jack: Well, the weather’s been fine the last couple of years when I’ve been there, but actually, it tends to rain more in August than in the spring or autumn.&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;September’s my favourite month because the water is warmer then. Jack：嗯，过去两年我去的时候天气都很好；但实际上，八月份往往比春季或秋季雨水更多。&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; 九月是我最喜欢的月份，因为那时海水更暖。 ⭐ ️【tend to = 往往；通常会】
Woman: The only problem is that the kids are back to school then. 女：唯一的问题是，孩子们那时已经返校了。
Jack: I know.&nbsp; 我知道。
But one good thing about Irish summers is that it doesn’t get too hot. 不过，爱尔兰夏季的一个好处是天气不会太热。
The average temperature is about 19 degrees and it usually doesn’t go above 25 degrees. 平均气温约为19摄氏度，而且通常不会超过25摄氏度。
Woman: That sounds alright. 女：听起来还不错。
Now what about costs? 那费用方面呢？
Jack: Surfing is a pretty cheap holiday really – the only cost is the hire of equipment. Jack：其实，冲浪度假的花费相当低——唯一的费用就是租赁装备。⭐️【the hire of equipment = 装备租赁】
You can expect to pay a daily rate of about 30 euros for the hire of a wetsuit and board – but you can save about 40 euros if you hire by the week. 租用潜水服和冲浪板的日租金大约是30欧元，但如果按周租赁，可以节省约40欧元。⭐️【a daily rate = 每日费率；日租金】⭐️【wetsuit = 潜水服；冲浪保温服】⭐️【hire by the week = 按周租赁】
Woman: That’s not too bad. 女：那不算太贵。
Jack: No. Jack：是不贵。
It’s important to make sure you get good quality wetsuits – you’ll all get too cold if you don’t. 一定要确保租到质量好的潜水服——否则你们都会觉得太冷。⭐️【good-quality = 质量好的】
And make sure you also get boots. 还要确保租到冲浪靴。
They keep your feet warm and it’s easier to surf with them on too. 它们可以让双脚保持温暖，而且穿着它们冲浪也会更容易。⭐️【with something on = 穿着／戴着某物】
Woman: OK. 女：好的。
Well, thanks very much … 嗯，非常感谢……