Hello everyone. It's good to see that so many members of the public have shown up for our presentation on the new housing development planned on the outskirts of Nunston. 大家好，很高兴看到这么多公众成员参加我们关于Nunston郊区新住宅开发项目的介绍会。⭐ members of the public —— 公众成员；普通市民｜show up —— 出现；到场｜presentation on... —— 关于……的介绍｜housing development —— 住宅开发项目｜on the outskirts of... —— 在……郊区
I'm Mark Reynolds and I'm Communications Manager at the development. 我是Mark Reynolds，是该开发项目的沟通经理。⭐ Communications Manager —— 沟通经理；公共关系负责人｜at the development —— 在该开发项目中
I'll start by giving you a brief overview of our plans for the development. 我会先简要介绍一下我们对该开发项目的规划。⭐ start by doing sth —— 先做某事｜give sb an overview of sth —— 向某人概述某事｜brief overview —— 简要概述
So one thing I'm sure you'll want to know is why we've selected this particular site for a housing development. 我相信大家想了解的一点是，为什么我们选择这个特定地点进行住宅开发。⭐ one thing you'll want to know is... —— 你想知道的一件事是……｜select a site for... —— 为……选择地点｜particular site —— 特定地点
At present it's being used for farming, like much of the land around Nunston. 目前这里用于农业生产，就像Nunston周围的大部分土地一样。⭐ at present —— 目前｜be used for... —— 被用于……｜farming —— 农业
But because of the new industrial centre in Nunston, there's a lot of demand for housing for employees in the region, as many employees are having to commute long distances at present. 但是由于Nunston新的工业中心，区域内员工住房需求很大，因为目前许多员工不得不长途通勤。⭐ because of... —— 因为……｜industrial centre —— 工业中心｜demand for housing —— 住房需求｜employees in the region —— 该地区员工｜commute long distances —— 长途通勤
Of course, there's also the fact that we have an international airport just 20 minutes' drive away, but although that's certainly convenient, it wasn't one of our major criteria for choosing the site. 当然，还有一个事实是，我们距离国际机场只有20分钟车程。不过虽然这确实很方便，但这并不是我们选择该地点的主要标准之一。⭐ 20 minutes' drive away —— 20分钟车程｜although... —— 虽然……｜major criteria for... —— ……的重要标准
We were more interested in the fact that there's an excellent hospital just 15 kilometres away, and a large secondary school even closer than that. 我们更看重的是，距离这里只有15公里有一家优秀的医院，而且还有一所距离更近的大型中学。⭐ be interested in the fact that... —— 更关注……｜secondary school —— 中学｜even closer than that —— 甚至比那个更近
One drawback to the site is that it's on quite a steep slope, but we've taken account of that in our planning so it shouldn't be a major problem. 这个地点的一个缺点是地势比较陡，但我们已经在规划中考虑到了这一点，所以应该不会成为主要问题。⭐ drawback —— 缺点｜steep slope —— 陡坡｜take account of sth —— 考虑到某事｜major problem —— 主要问题
We've had a lot of positive feedback about the plans. 我们收到了很多关于这些规划的积极反馈。⭐ positive feedback —— 积极反馈｜about the plans —— 关于规划
People like the wide variety of accommodation types and prices, and the fact that it's only a short drive to get out into the countryside from the development. 人们喜欢这里丰富多样的住房类型和价格选择，也喜欢从开发区开车很短时间就能到达乡村。⭐ a wide variety of... —— 多种多样的……｜accommodation types —— 住房类型｜get out into the countryside —— 进入乡村地区
We were particularly pleased that so many people liked the designs for the layout of the development, with the majority of people saying it generally made a good impression and blended in well with the natural features of the landscape, with provision made for protecting trees and wildlife on the site. 我们尤其高兴的是，很多人喜欢该开发项目的布局设计。大多数人认为整体印象很好，并且很好地融入了当地自然景观，同时项目也安排了保护当地树木和野生动物的措施。⭐ be pleased that... —— 对……感到满意｜layout of the development —— 开发项目布局｜make a good impression —— 留下好印象｜blend in with... —— 与……融为一体｜natural features of the landscape —— 自然景观特征｜provision made for... —— 为……做出的安排
Some people have mentioned that they'd like to see more facilities for cyclists, and we'll look at that, but the overall feedback has been that the design and facilities of the development make it seem a place where people of all ages can live together happily. 一些人提到希望看到更多自行车设施，我们会考虑这一点。不过总体反馈是，该开发项目的设计和设施让它看起来像一个适合所有年龄段人群共同幸福生活的地方。⭐ mention that... —— 提到……｜facilities for cyclists —— 自行车设施｜look at sth —— 考虑某事｜overall feedback —— 总体反馈｜people of all ages —— 各年龄段人群
OK. So I'll put a map of the proposed development up on the screen. 好的，现在我会把拟建项目的地图展示在屏幕上。⭐ proposed development —— 拟建项目｜put sth up on the screen —— 将某物展示在屏幕上
You'll see it's bounded on the south side by the main road, which then goes on to Nunston. 你可以看到，它南侧以通往Nunston的主路为边界。⭐ be bounded by... —— 以……为边界｜south side —— 南侧｜go on to... —— 延伸到……
Another boundary is formed by London Road, on the western side of the development. 另一条边界是London Road，位于开发区西侧。⭐ another boundary is formed by... —— 另一边界由……构成｜western side —— 西侧
Inside the development there'll be about 400 houses and 3 apartment blocks. 开发区内部将有大约400套住宅和3栋公寓楼。⭐ apartment block —— 公寓楼
There'll also be a school for children up to 11 years old. 这里还会有一所面向11岁以下儿童的学校。⭐ up to 11 years old —— 11岁以下
If you look at the South Entrance at the bottom of the map, there's a road from there that goes right up through the development. 如果你看地图底部的南入口，会看到一条道路从那里一直穿过整个开发区。⭐ at the bottom of the map —— 在地图底部｜go right up through... —— 贯穿……
The school will be on that road, at the corner of the second turning to the left. 学校会位于那条路上，在左侧第二个转弯处的角落。⭐ at the corner of... —— 在……角落｜turning to the left —— 左转路口
A large sports centre is planned with facilities for indoor and outdoor activities. 计划建设一个大型体育中心，提供室内和室外活动设施。⭐ sports centre —— 体育中心｜indoor and outdoor activities —— 室内外活动
This will be on the western side of the development, just below the road that branches off from London Road. 它会位于开发区西侧，就在从London Road分出来的道路下方。⭐ western side —— 西侧｜below —— 在……下方｜branch off from... —— 从……分叉出去
There'll be a clinic where residents can go if they have any health problems. 这里会有一家诊所，居民如果有健康问题可以去那里。⭐ clinic —— 诊所｜residents —— 居民
Can you see the lake towards the top of the map? 你能看到地图上方附近的湖吗？⭐ towards the top of the map —— 靠近地图顶部
The clinic will be just below this, to the right of a street of houses. 诊所就在湖下面，在一排住宅街道的右侧。⭐ just below —— 正下方附近｜to the right of... —— 在……右侧
There'll also be a community centre for people of all ages. 这里还会有一个面向所有年龄群体的社区中心。⭐ community centre —— 社区中心｜people of all ages —— 所有年龄的人
On the northeast side of the development, there'll be a row of specially designed houses specifically for residents over 65, and the community centre will be adjoining this. 在开发区东北侧，会有一排专门为65岁以上居民设计的住宅，而社区中心将与其相邻。⭐ northeast side —— 东北侧｜a row of houses —— 一排房屋｜specially designed —— 专门设计的｜adjoining —— 与……相邻
We haven't forgotten about shopping. 我们也没有忘记购物需求。⭐ forget about... —— 忘记……
There'll be a supermarket between the two entrances to the development. 开发区两个入口之间会有一家超市。⭐ between A and B —— 在A和B之间
We're planning to leave the three large trees near London Road, and it'll be just to the south of these. 我们计划保留London Road附近的三棵大树，而超市就在这些树的南边。⭐ leave sth —— 保留某物｜just to the south of... —— 就在……南边
It's planned to have a playground for younger children. 计划建设一个供年幼儿童使用的游乐场。⭐ playground —— 游乐场｜younger children —— 年幼儿童
If you look at the road that goes up from the South Entrance, you'll see it curves round to the left at the top, and the playground will be in that curve, with nice views of the lake. 如果你看从南入口向上的道路，会看到它在顶部向左弯曲，而游乐场就在那个弯道里，可以欣赏湖景。⭐ curve round to the left —— 向左弯曲｜in that curve —— 在那个弯道处｜views of the lake —— 湖景