Kaeden: Hello Charlotte. I’m Kaeden, one of the supervisors. Welcome to the team. 你好，Charlotte。我是Kaeden，是这里的一名主管。欢迎加入我们的团队。
Charlotte: Hi Aiden. Charlotte：你好，Aiden。
Kaeden: It’s Kaeden. Kaeden：是Kaeden。
Charlotte: I’m so sorry. Charlotte：真的很抱歉。
Kaeden: Don’t worry. Kaeden：没关系。
People often get my name wrong; they never know how to spell it.&nbsp; It’s K-A-E-D-E-N, in case you ever need to write it. 人们经常叫错我的名字；他们总是不知道该怎么拼写。 拼写是K-A-E-D-E-N，以防你以后需要把它写下来。 ⭐ ️【in case = 以防；万一（话语功能：预防）】
Charlotte: I’ll try and remember. Charlotte：我会尽量记住的。
Kaeden: So, there are a few practical things you need to sort out this morning. Kaeden：今天上午有几件实际事务需要你处理。⭐️【sort something out = 处理／解决某事】
Then I’ll show you what you’re going to do today. 然后我会告诉你今天需要做什么。
Charlotte: The email I received said to go to the front desk, to show my letter of appointment and pick up my badge. Charlotte：我收到的邮件说，要先去前台出示聘用函并领取工作证。⭐️【front desk = 前台】⭐️【letter of appointment = 聘用函】⭐️【pick up = 领取】
Kaeden: You’ll need that for the staffroom and other areas of the supermarket where shoppers aren’t allowed. Kaeden：进入员工休息室以及超市内其他不对顾客开放的区域时，你会需要这张工作证。⭐️【staffroom = 员工休息室】
Kaeden: So, after you’ve finished at the front desk, I’ll take you to the staffroom.&nbsp; &nbsp; Put your coat and rucksack in one of the lockers there. 所以，前台的手续办完后，我会带你去员工休息室。&nbsp; 把外套和背包放进那里的储物柜。 ⭐ ️【locker = 储物柜】&nbsp;
Take whichever one is free. 哪个空着就用哪个。
Charlotte: Will I have a key? Charlotte：我会有钥匙吗？
Kaeden: Yes. Kaeden：会的。
Try not to lose it. 尽量不要弄丢。
At the end of the day, leave it in the door for the next person to use. 每天下班时，把钥匙留在柜门上，供下一个人使用。⭐️【at the end of the day = 一天结束时；下班时】
Charlotte: Will do. Charlotte：好的，我会的。⭐️【will do = 好的，我会照办】
Kaeden: You also need to go to the HR department to see Tiffany. Kaeden：你还需要去人力资源部找Tiffany。
She’s really helpful. 她非常乐于助人。
Charlotte: I was told to bring my passport with me.&nbsp; &nbsp;HR need to take a note of the number in it.Kaeden: That’s right.&nbsp; 有人通知我要随身携带护照。 人力资源部需要登记上面的护照号码。Kaeden：没错。 ⭐ ️【take a note of = 记录；登记】
Or you can show your ID card. 或者也可以出示身份证件。
Charlotte: I don’t have one of those. Charlotte：我没有那种证件。
Kaeden: OK. Kaeden：好的。
Tiffany will give you a uniform.&nbsp; Tiffany会给你一套制服。
They have lots in different sizes, so you just tell her what you need. 那里有许多不同尺码，你只需告诉她自己需要什么尺码。
Kaeden: I won’t come with you to HR – I’ve got to go and sort something else out.&nbsp; 我不会陪你去人力资源部——我得去处理另一件事。 ⭐ ️【sort something out = 处理／解决某事】
Problem with a bread slicer. 切面包机出了点问题。⭐️【bread slicer = 切面包机】
Charlotte: Is the HR office near the staffroom?&nbsp; 人力资源部办公室离员工休息室近吗？
Kaeden: The staffroom’s on the first floor, and HR are a couple of floors above that, on the third floor.&nbsp; Kaeden：&nbsp;员工休息室在二楼，人力资源部在它上面两层，也就是四楼。
There’s a staircase outside the staffroom. 员工休息室外面有一段楼梯。
Charlotte: OK.&nbsp; 好的。
Kaeden: When you’ve finished with HR, come and find me in the bakery section of the shop.&nbsp; 在人力资源部办完手续后，到商店的烘焙区来找我。 ⭐ ️【bakery section = 烘焙区】
Charlotte: I’m looking forward to getting started.&nbsp; 我很期待开始工作。 ⭐ ️【look forward to doing = 期待做……】⭐️【get started = 开始着手】
Kaeden: I’ll just give you my phone number, in case you can’t find me. Kaeden：我把电话号码给你，以防你找不到我。⭐️【in case = 以防；万一（话语功能：预防）】
Have you got your phone there? 你的手机在身边吗？
Charlotte: Yes . . . OK, ready. Charlotte：在……好的，可以了。
Kaeden: It’s oh-four-one-two double-six-five nine-oh-three. Kaeden：号码是0412 665 903。
Charlotte: OK, done. Charlotte：好了，记下了。
Kaeden: So, Charlotte, your tasks today are in the bakery section, on the sushi counter, and on the meat and fish counters. Kaeden：Charlotte，你今天的工作分别在烘焙区、寿司柜台以及肉类和鱼类柜台。
Kaeden: The first job is to check sell-by dates on the bread and cakes. Kaeden：第一项工作是检查面包和蛋糕的建议销售期限。⭐️【sell-by date = 建议销售期限】
If any of the dates are today’s, put a new price label on the packaging. 如果有商品的日期是今天，就在包装上贴一张新的价格标签。⭐️【price label = 价格标签】⭐️【packaging = 商品包装】
Charlotte: What if any of the labels are yesterday’s dates, or older? Charlotte：如果有标签上的日期是昨天，或者更早呢？
Do I throw those items away? 我要把那些商品扔掉吗？⭐️【throw something away = 把某物扔掉】
Kaeden: Yes, but that shouldn’t happen – we check the stock every day. Kaeden：是的，不过这种情况不应该发生，因为我们每天都会检查库存。⭐️【check the stock = 检查库存】
When something needs a new price label, put a yellow one on the package, next to the original price. 如果商品需要更换价格标签，就在包装上原价标签的旁边贴一张黄色标签。⭐️【original price = 原价】
Charlotte: OK.&nbsp; 好的。
Kaeden: After that, you’ll go to the sushi takeaway counter.&nbsp; 之后，你要去寿司外带柜台。 ⭐ ️【takeaway counter = 外带柜台】
Charlotte: Will I be preparing boxes of food? Charlotte：我需要准备盒装食品吗？
Kaeden: For today, you’ll just be helping the staff. Kaeden：今天你只需协助其他员工。
Charlotte: Yes, of course. Charlotte：好的，当然。
Kaeden: You’ll see lots of flat cardboard boxes at one end of the counter. Kaeden：你会在柜台的一端看到许多尚未折叠的纸盒。⭐️【flat cardboard box = 尚未折叠成形的纸盒】
Kaeden: Beneath those is where we keep the plastic boxes – we run out of those really quickly, so you should bring more from the storeroom. Kaeden：那些纸盒下面是存放塑料盒的地方——塑料盒很快就会用完，所以你需要从储藏室拿一些过来。⭐️【run out of = 用完；耗尽】⭐️【storeroom = 储藏室】
Charlotte: Is that my only task on the sushi counter? Charlotte：这是我在寿司柜台唯一的任务吗？
Kaeden: No. Kaeden：不是。
You also need to clean the area where they prepare the dishes. 你还需要清洁他们制作食物的区域。
There are cloths and bottles of spray by the sink. 水槽旁边有抹布和瓶装清洁喷雾。⭐️【bottle of spray = 瓶装喷雾剂】
Oh, and please make sure you clean that too. 对了，也请务必把水槽清理干净。
Charlotte: Sure. Charlotte：好的。
That’s important, isn’t it? 这一点很重要，对吧？
Kaeden: Absolutely. Kaeden：当然。
But you mustn’t wash up knives. 不过，你绝对不能清洗刀具。⭐️【wash up = 清洗餐具】
You have to do some training before you’re allowed to touch sharp objects. 你必须先接受相关培训，之后才可以接触锋利物品。⭐️【sharp object = 锋利物品】
Charlotte: What should I do if there are any? Charlotte：如果有需要清洗的刀具，我应该怎么办？
Kaeden: Ask someone to put them in the dishwasher. Kaeden：请别人把它们放进洗碗机。
Charlotte: OK, thanks. Charlotte：好的，谢谢。
I don’t want to get anything wrong. 我不想把任何事情做错。⭐️【get something wrong = 把某事做错／弄错】
Kaeden: Don’t worry. Kaeden：别担心。
You’ll be fine. 你不会有问题的。
And I’ll be around to help. 而且我会在附近，随时可以帮忙。⭐️【be around = 在附近；随时在场】
Charlotte: Right. Charlotte：好的。
Kaeden: Finally, the meat and fish counters. Kaeden：最后是肉类和鱼类柜台。
You need to clean the area where staff serve customers, including wiping the weighing scales. 你需要清洁员工为顾客提供服务的区域，包括擦拭称重秤。⭐️【weighing scales = 称重秤】
Charlotte: OK. Charlotte：好的。
Anything else? 还有其他事情吗？
Kaeden: The fish is laid on ice, but when that starts to melt, you’ll need to get more from the cold-room. Kaeden：鱼都摆放在冰上，但冰开始融化时，你需要从冷藏室取更多冰块。⭐️【be laid on ice = 被摆放在冰上】⭐️【cold-room = 冷藏室】
Charlotte: I know the staff on the food counters wear a hat. Charlotte：我知道食品柜台的员工都要戴帽子。
Will that be the same for me? 我也需要戴吗？
Kaeden: You won’t be serving customers directly, so no. Kaeden：你不会直接接待顾客，所以不需要。
Kaeden: But make sure you put on thermal gloves when you take anything out of the cold-room. Kaeden：不过，从冷藏室取东西时，一定要戴上保温手套。⭐️【thermal gloves = 保温手套】⭐️【take something out of = 从……中取出某物】
The temperature’s low enough in there to get frostbite from touching things. 那里的温度非常低，直接触碰物品可能会导致冻伤。⭐️【get frostbite = 被冻伤】
Charlotte: Understoood. Charlotte：明白了。