Hello, I'm Hayden. 你好，我是Hayden。⭐ Hello, I'm... —— 你好，我是……
I'm one of the archaeologists investigating the site here at Bidcaster. 我是正在调查Bidcaster遗址的考古学家之一。⭐ archaeologist —— 考古学家｜investigate a site —— 调查一个遗址｜one of + 复数名词 —— ……之一
This is the third summer for this community project, and most of the people digging here are volunteers. 这是这个社区项目开展的第三个夏天，大多数在这里挖掘的人都是志愿者。⭐ the third summer for... —— ……开展的第三个夏天｜dig —— 挖掘｜volunteer —— 志愿者
I'm a full-time archaeologist for the town council, but I was asked to join the project by NHA, a charity which sets up projects like this up and down the country. 我是市议会的全职考古学家，但NHA邀请我加入这个项目。NHA是一家慈善机构，在全国各地开展类似这样的项目。⭐ full-time archaeologist —— 全职考古学家｜town council —— 市议会｜be asked to do sth —— 被邀请/要求做某事｜set up projects —— 建立项目｜up and down the country —— 全国各地
As you can see, we're next to Bidcaster Castle, which is great because the owners let us use their facilities. 正如你们所看到的，我们就在Bidcaster城堡旁边，这很好，因为城堡主人允许我们使用他们的设施。⭐ as you can see —— 正如你所看到的｜be next to... —— 在……旁边｜let sb do sth —— 允许某人做某事｜facilities —— 设施
So, how did we get to where we are today? 那么，我们是如何走到今天这一步的呢？⭐ get to where we are today —— 发展到今天这个阶段
Many archaeology projects happen when an ancient object is found, and in our case, that object was a gold coin. 很多考古项目都是因为发现古代物品而开始的，而在我们的案例中，那件物品是一枚金币。⭐ archaeology project —— 考古项目｜ancient object —— 古代物品｜in our case —— 在我们的情况下
Coins are often found by people using metal detectors to look for things buried in the ground – or coins are uncovered when wild animals like rabbits have been digging tunnels. 人们经常使用金属探测器寻找埋在地下的物品时发现硬币——或者当兔子等野生动物挖洞时，硬币也可能被发现。⭐ metal detector —— 金属探测器｜buried in the ground —— 埋在地下｜uncover —— 发现；揭露｜dig tunnels —— 挖洞穴
Here, a walker found it on the ground after a rainstorm washed away some of the earth and sand. 在这里，一名散步者发现了它，因为暴雨冲走了一些泥土和沙子后，它露在了地面上。⭐ walker —— 徒步者；散步的人｜wash away —— 冲走｜earth and sand —— 泥土和沙子
When the story of the gold coin hit the news, Peter Swift, an amateur historian, contacted me to say he believed there had been a village on this site, centuries before the castle was built. 当金币的故事登上新闻后，一位业余历史学家Peter Swift联系了我，说他认为在城堡建造之前几个世纪，这里曾经存在过一个村庄。⭐ hit the news —— 登上新闻｜amateur historian —— 业余历史学家｜contact sb —— 联系某人｜there had been... —— 曾经存在过……
Just by chance, the team found some old maps and documents in our library which showed five-hundred-year-old drawings of ruined buildings on the grassy area between the outer stone walls of the castle and the river. 非常偶然的是，团队在我们的图书馆发现了一些旧地图和文件，上面展示了500年前的建筑废墟图，这些建筑位于城堡外围石墙和河流之间的草地上。⭐ by chance —— 偶然地｜old maps and documents —— 老地图和文件｜ruined buildings —— 废弃建筑；建筑遗迹｜outer stone walls —— 外部石墙
We knew then we were onto something. 那时我们知道自己发现了一些重要线索。⭐ be onto something —— 找到了重要线索；发现了有价值的东西
Over the three summers the team has been here, we've found the remains of several buildings, and more broken pots than you can count! 在团队来到这里的三个夏天里，我们发现了几座建筑的遗迹，还有数不清的破碎陶罐。⭐ over the three summers —— 在三个夏天期间｜the remains of... —— ……的遗迹｜more than you can count —— 数不清的
Normally you'd expect to find brooches and other jewellery, but we're still waiting to uncover any such items. 通常你会期待找到胸针和其他珠宝，但我们仍然在等待发现这样的物品。⭐ expect to do sth —— 预计做某事｜brooch —— 胸针｜jewellery —— 珠宝｜such items —— 这样的物品
The people who once lived here were skilled at making tools from animal bones, as you'll see when you visit the exhibition. 曾经生活在这里的人擅长用动物骨头制作工具，你参观展览时会看到这些。⭐ once lived here —— 曾经住在这里｜be skilled at doing sth —— 擅长做某事｜make tools from... —— 用……制作工具
Besides the discovery of the village, we've also found evidence of human activity on the other side of the river – no other houses or huts so far, but we can see the borders of an ancient field system. 除了发现村庄外，我们还在河的另一边发现了人类活动的证据——目前还没有发现其他房屋或小屋，但我们可以看到古代农田系统的边界。⭐ besides... —— 除了……｜evidence of... —— ……的证据｜human activity —— 人类活动｜so far —— 到目前为止｜field system —— 农田系统
At one point we found a long wall and thought it was an ancient palace, but it turned out to be a modern wall. 有一次我们发现了一堵长墙，以为它是一座古代宫殿，但后来证明它是一堵现代墙。⭐ at one point —— 曾经；某个时候｜turn out to be... —— 结果证明是……
This summer's work will end soon, but we'll be back next summer. 今年夏天的工作很快会结束，但我们明年夏天还会回来。⭐ end soon —— 很快结束｜be back —— 回来
In the meantime, we're putting on a series of guided tours for school groups this autumn. 与此同时，今年秋天我们会为学校团体举办一系列导览活动。⭐ in the meantime —— 与此同时｜put on —— 举办；组织｜a series of... —— 一系列……｜guided tour —— 导览参观
Oh and, maybe you saw the TV documentary about our project. 哦，也许你们看过关于我们项目的电视纪录片。⭐ documentary —— 纪录片
That suggested the objects we've found are going to the town's museum, but we don't know that for sure yet. 纪录片提到我们发现的物品将会被送往市博物馆，但我们目前还不能确定。⭐ suggest —— 暗示；提到｜for sure —— 确定地
When you enter the site, please make sure you keep to the paths at all times. 进入遗址后，请确保始终沿着道路行走。⭐ make sure... —— 确保……｜keep to the paths —— 沿着道路走
There are a few other things – the highlights of the site, if you like – that I want to mention. 还有几个地方——如果你愿意的话，可以说是这个遗址的亮点——我想介绍一下。⭐ highlights of... —— ……的亮点｜if you like —— 如果你愿意这样说的话
Take a look at the map; our present location is marked at the bottom. 看看地图；我们目前的位置标在底部。⭐ take a look at... —— 看一下……｜present location —— 当前位置｜be marked —— 被标记
This year we've identified the foundations of an ancient bridge. 今年我们确认了一座古桥的地基。⭐ identify —— 确认；识别｜foundation —— 地基
And it's really exciting today because a team of divers are in the river searching for lost objects. 今天真的很令人兴奋，因为一队潜水员正在河里寻找遗失物品。⭐ a team of divers —— 一队潜水员｜search for... —— 寻找……
To reach the bridge, take the main path ahead of you, go straight on and keep going till the path bends to the left. 要到达桥的位置，沿着你面前的主路走，继续直走，直到道路向左弯曲。⭐ to reach... —— 为了到达……｜go straight on —— 直走｜bend to the left —— 向左弯
You'll see a smaller track leading off to the right. 你会看到一条较小的小路向右分叉出去。⭐ track —— 小路｜lead off to... —— 分叉通向……
Follow that to take you to the river, where the divers are. 沿着那条路走，它会带你到河边，潜水员就在那里。⭐ follow that —— 沿着那条路走｜where... —— ……所在的位置
You might be interested to see the rubbish pit. 你可能会感兴趣去看看垃圾坑。⭐ might be interested to do sth —— 可能会对做某事感兴趣
This is very near the castle walls in the northwest corner of the site. 它就在遗址西北角的城堡墙附近。⭐ northwest corner —— 西北角
It actually dates to the time of the castle and not the ancient village. 实际上它属于城堡时期，而不是古代村庄时期。⭐ date to... —— 追溯到……｜the time of... —— ……时期
We found oyster shells and fish bones, and we assume they were thrown from the castle kitchen above. 我们发现了牡蛎壳和鱼骨，我们推测它们是从上方城堡的厨房扔下来的。⭐ oyster shells —— 牡蛎壳｜assume —— 假设；认为｜be thrown from... —— 被从……扔出
One area we excavated in the first summer uncovered the site of a meeting hall. 第一个夏天我们挖掘的一个区域发现了一座会议大厅遗址。⭐ excavate —— 挖掘｜uncover —— 发现
We knew it was an important building because it had two rows of post holes, deep enough to support a large roof. 我们知道它是一座重要建筑，因为它有两排足够深、能够支撑大型屋顶的柱洞。⭐ row of... —— 一排……｜post hole —— 柱洞｜support a roof —— 支撑屋顶
It's the largest structure in the central area of the site, next to the current excavation area. 它是遗址中心区域最大的建筑结构，位于当前挖掘区域旁边。⭐ structure —— 建筑结构｜current excavation area —— 当前挖掘区域
Last year we discovered a fish pond in the ancient village. 去年我们在古代村庄发现了一个鱼塘。⭐ discover —— 发现｜fish pond —— 鱼塘
Normally these were beside a river. 通常这种鱼塘都位于河边。⭐ beside —— 在……旁边
The pond here is further away, but it's possible the river has moved slightly. 这里的鱼塘距离河流更远，但有可能是河流稍微改变了位置。⭐ further away —— 更远｜it's possible that... —— 有可能……
Anyway, to get there from here, you turn right at the first information board you come to, and follow the path into the trees. 无论如何，从这里过去的话，你在遇到的第一个信息牌处右转，然后沿着道路进入树林。⭐ to get there from here —— 从这里到那里｜turn right at... —— 在……右转｜information board —— 信息牌｜follow the path —— 沿路走
Before you come out of the trees, you'll see it on your right. 在走出树林之前，你会在右侧看到它。⭐ come out of... —— 从……出来
If you reach the river, you've gone too far. 如果你到达河边，就说明你走过头了。⭐ go too far —— 走过头
So, does anyone … 那么，有人……吗？⭐ Does anyone...? —— 有人……吗？