Good afternoon, everyone! 大家下午好！
This is the first seminar in preparation for our archaeological fieldwork in Namibia; 这是为我们在纳米比亚开展考古实地研究做准备的第一场研讨会。⭐️【in preparation for = 为……做准备】⭐️【archaeological fieldwork = 考古实地研究】
we are fantastically lucky to have received partial research funding for this trip from our Institute, so I shall expect 200% attention and participation from you all. 我们非常幸运，获得了研究院为此次考察提供的部分研究经费，因此我希望大家都能拿出百分之二百的专注和参与热情。⭐️【partial research funding = 部分研究经费】
First in this seminar, I'm going to give a brief introduction to contemporary research on rock art, and in the second part I'm going to give you some do's and don'ts for our fieldwork trip in April-so please listen very carefully. 在研讨会的第一部分，我会简要介绍当代岩石艺术研究；第二部分则会说明我们四月实地考察时应该做什么、不应该做什么，所以请大家认真听。⭐️【contemporary research = 当代研究】⭐️【rock art = 岩石艺术；岩画与岩刻】⭐️【do's and don'ts = 行为须知；该做和不该做的事】
I'm first going to focus on the interpretation of rock art in Namibia. 我首先会重点介绍如何解读纳米比亚的岩石艺术。⭐️【interpretation = 解读；阐释】
We are very fortunate to be going to an area where you can find some of the most important sites in the entire world. 我们非常幸运，即将前往的地区拥有一些世界上最重要的遗址。⭐️【site = 遗址】
And I hope to show you how easy it is for everyone to make mistakes in looking at cultures which are different from our own-the first and most important lesson we have to learn. 我希望让大家看到，在考察与自身不同的文化时，我们多么容易犯错——这是我们必须学习的第一课，也是最重要的一课。
In Namibia there are both paintings and engravings-that's where the surface of the rock is cut out. 纳米比亚既有岩画，也有岩刻——岩刻就是在岩石表面刻出图案。⭐️【engraving = 雕刻图案；岩刻】
Many of the engravings show footprints of animals and most scholars used to think that the purpose of these was simple and obvious: 许多岩刻描绘了动物的脚印，大多数学者过去认为，它们的用途简单而明显：
this rock art was like a school book with pictures to teach children about tracks: which track belonged to which animal-giraffe, lion and so on. 这些岩石艺术就像配有插图的教科书，用来教孩子辨认足迹：哪一种足迹属于哪一种动物，比如长颈鹿、狮子等等。⭐️【track = 动物留下的足迹】
But there were some mysteries. 不过，其中存在一些难以解释的现象。
First, when you look at a typical Namibian painting or engraving, you see the tracks are repeated, there are dozens of tracks for the same animal. 首先，观察典型的纳米比亚岩画或岩刻时，你会发现足迹反复出现，同一种动物的足迹会出现数十次。
You'd expect just one clear illustration if the reason-the aim-was to teach tracking. 如果它们的目的——也就是创作意图——是教授追踪动物的技巧，那么按理说只需要一幅清晰的示意图。⭐️【tracking = 根据足迹追踪动物】
Now there were two more problems. 此外，还有两个问题。
Why are some of the engravings of animals very accurate as you'd expect-all clearly identifiable-and others quite unrealistic? 为什么有些动物岩刻像我们预期的那样非常逼真，能够清楚地辨认出来，而另一些却很不写实呢？⭐️【clearly identifiable = 可以清楚辨认的】⭐️【unrealistic = 不写实的；不符合真实形态的】
And another mystery some of these unrealistic animals that's in the engravings- seem to be half human. 另一个谜团是，岩刻中有些不写实的动物似乎具有半人半兽的形态。
Some, for example, have got human faces. 例如，有些动物长着人的脸。
Many researchers now think that these were pictures the wise men engraved of themselves. 现在，许多研究者认为，这些图像是部族中的智者为自己刻画的形象。⭐️【wise men = 智者；此处指具有宗教或巫术地位的人】
They believed they could use magic to control the animals they had drawn, so the hunters could then catch them for food. 这些人相信，他们可以通过巫术控制自己画出的动物，从而让猎人捕获这些动物作为食物。
This shows you some of the dangers of coming from one culture to another, as we'll be doing, without understanding it fully. 这说明了在没有充分了解另一种文化的情况下，从自身文化进入其中可能带来的问题，而我们即将做的正是这种跨文化考察。
Scholars imagined that children looked at rock art pictures to learn to track-just because they themselves had learnt skills from pictures; many researchers now believe that rock art had a much more complex purpose. 学者们曾设想，孩子通过观察岩石艺术图像学习追踪动物，仅仅因为他们自己也是通过图片学习技能的；而现在，许多研究者认为，岩石艺术具有复杂得多的用途。⭐️【just because = 仅仅因为（话语功能：指出推断依据不足）】
And we'll talk more about it next week! 下周我们会进一步讨论这个话题！
Now before I invite you to join in a discussion in this second part of the seminar, I'd like to make some very important points about our fieldwork-and in fact any field trip to look at rock art. 现在，在邀请大家参与研讨会第二部分的讨论之前，我想说明一些有关此次实地研究的重要事项——事实上，这些事项适用于任何考察岩石艺术的实地活动。⭐️【make some important points = 提出一些重要事项】⭐️【field trip = 实地考察】
We're going to a number of sites, and we won't always be together. 我们会前往多个遗址，而且不会始终集体行动。
The single largest problem faced by people who manage the sites is-yes, I'm sure you've guessed-damage caused by visitors, even though it's usually unintentional. 遗址管理人员面临的最大问题是——没错，我相信你们已经猜到了——访客造成的破坏，尽管这种破坏通常是无意的。⭐️【the single largest problem = 最主要的问题】⭐️【unintentional = 无意的；非故意的】
Whenever you do go to a site, don't forget you can learn many things from observing at a distance instead of walking all over it. 每当你们前往遗址时，不要忘记，保持一定距离进行观察也能了解很多东西，不必在遗址上四处走动。⭐️【observe at a distance = 保持一定距离观察】
This can really help to reduce visitor pressure. 这确实有助于减轻访客活动对遗址造成的压力。⭐️【visitor pressure = 访客活动对某地造成的压力】
People often say, 'Well, there's only two of us and just this one time', but maybe thousands of people are saying the same thing. 人们经常说：“我们只有两个人，而且就这一次。”但可能有成千上万的人都在说同样的话。
And then some basic rules to guide you-we'll have our own camp near a village, but remember never to camp on a site if you go on your own. 接下来是一些大家需要遵守的基本规则。我们会在一个村庄附近设立营地，但请记住，如果独自外出，绝对不要在遗址上露营。⭐️【go on your own = 独自前往】
It may be disrespectful to the people of that culture, and certainly don't make fires, however romantic it may seem. 在遗址上露营可能是对当地文化群体的不尊重，而且无论生火看起来多么浪漫，都绝对不要这样做。⭐️【be disrespectful to = 对……不尊重】⭐️【however romantic it may seem = 无论它看起来多么浪漫（话语功能：让步）】
It's really dangerous in dry areas, and you can easily burn priceless undiscovered material by doing so. 在干燥地区生火非常危险，而且这样做很容易烧毁尚未被发现、价值无法估量的遗存。⭐️【priceless = 价值无法估量的；极其珍贵的】
So, how are we going to enjoy the rock art on our field trip? 那么，在实地考察中，我们应该如何欣赏岩石艺术呢？
By looking at it, drawing it and photographing it-NEVER by touching it or even tracing it. 通过观察、绘画和拍照来欣赏——绝对不能触摸，甚至不能直接在上面描摹。⭐️【trace = 覆在原图上描摹】
Rock art is fragile and precious. 岩石艺术脆弱而珍贵。⭐️【fragile = 易受损的；脆弱的】
Remember that climbing on rocks and in caves can destroy in a moment what has lasted for centuries. 请记住，在岩石上或洞穴里攀爬，可能瞬间毁掉已经保存了数百年的遗存。
So no heroics in Namibia, please! 所以，在纳米比亚请不要逞强冒险！⭐️【no heroics = 不要逞强；不要冒险表现自己】
Try to be extra careful and help others to be too. 尽量格外小心，也帮助其他人做到这一点。
And lastly please don't even move rocks or branches to take photographs - you should leave the site intact -I'm sure I can rely on you to do that. 最后，请不要为了拍照而移动岩石或树枝——你们应该让遗址保持原样。我相信大家都能做到。⭐️【leave something intact = 使某物保持完整原状】⭐️【rely on someone to do = 相信某人会做……】
Well, that's about all I want to say before today's first discussion, but if you have any questions please ask them now and don't forget you'll find some fascinating information about world-wide sites on the Internet. 好了，今天第一次讨论之前，我想说的基本就是这些。如果大家有什么问题，请现在提出来。另外，别忘了，你们可以在网上找到一些关于世界各地遗址的精彩资料。
Right, first question then? 好，那么谁先提第一个问题？