Good morning. How can I help you? 早上好。有什么可以帮您的吗？
Hello. I'm interested in renting a house somewhere in the town. 你好。我想在镇上的某个地方租一套房子。⭐️【be interested in doing = 有意做某事】
Right. Could I have your name please? 好的。请问您叫什么名字？
Yes, it's Steven Godfrey. 我叫Steven Godfrey。
And tell me how many bedrooms you're looking for. 请告诉我，您想找一套有几间卧室的房子。⭐️【look for = 寻找】
Well, we'd need four, because I'm going to share the house with three friends. 嗯，我们需要四间卧室，因为我要和三位朋友合租。⭐️【share the house with = 与……合租这套房子】
Okay, there are several of that size on our books. 好的，我们登记的房源中有几套这么大的房子。⭐️【on our books = 登记在册；在现有房源记录中】
They mostly belong to families who are working abroad at the moment. 这些房子大多属于目前在国外工作的家庭。⭐️【work abroad = 在国外工作】
What about the location?：It'd be nice to be central.：That might be difficult, as most houses of that size are in the suburbs. 对位置有什么要求吗？：最好能位于市中心。：这可能有些困难，因为这么大的房子大多位于郊区。 ⭐ ️【be central = 位于中心地带】
Still, there are a few. What's your upper limit for the rent? 不过，市中心还是有几套的。您的租金上限是多少？⭐️【upper limit = 上限】
We'd like something around ￡500 a month, but we could go up to ￡600 if we have to. But we can't go beyond that. 我们希望月租在500英镑左右，但如果有必要，也可以提高到600英镑。不过不能再高了。⭐️【go up to = 最高达到】⭐️【go beyond = 超过】
Do you know how long you want to rent the house for? The minimum let is six months, as you probably realise. 您知道自己想租多长时间吗？ 您应该也知道，最短租期是六个月。 ⭐ ️【minimum let = 最短租期】
  ⭐ 
We're at college here for two years, and we don't want to have to move during that time if we can avoid it. 我们要在这里上两年大学，如果可以的话，我们不想在这期间搬家。⭐️【if we can avoid it = 如果能够避免的话】
Right. And how soon do you want to move in? All our lets start on the first of the month. 好的。您希望什么时候入住？我们所有房屋的租期都从每月1日开始。⭐️【move in = 搬入；入住】
Well, as soon as possible, really, so that means September 1st. 嗯，实际上是越快越好，也就是9月1日。⭐️【as soon as possible = 尽快】
Okay, let me have a look at what we've got We have photographs of all the houses on our books, so you can get an idea of what they're like. 好的，我来看看我们有哪些房源。我们有所有登记房屋的照片，因此您可以大致了解它们是什么样的。⭐️【get an idea of = 大致了解】
There's this one in Oakington Avenue, at 550 pounds a month. Combined living room and dining room, with a separate kitchen.&nbsp;It doesn't have a garage, though you can park in the road. Oakington Avenue有一套房子，每月租金是550英镑。客厅和餐厅连在一起，厨房则是独立的。不过，它没有车库，但可以把车停在路边。 ⭐ ️【combined living room and dining room = 客餐厅一体】⭐️【separate kitchen = 独立厨房】
Ah, we'd prefer to have one, if possible. 啊，如果可以的话，我们还是希望有车库。⭐️【would prefer to = 更希望……】
Right. Then have a look at this house, in Mead Street. 好的。那么请看看Mead Street的这套房子。
It's got a very large living room and kitchen, bathroom, cloakroom... 它有一个非常大的客厅和厨房，还有浴室、楼下的小卫生间……⭐️【cloakroom = 衣帽间；楼下小卫生间】
How much is it? 租金是多少？
That one's 580. It's very well furnished and equipped. 那套每月580英镑。家具和设备都非常齐全。⭐️【well furnished and equipped = 家具和设备齐全】
It also has plenty of space for parking, and it's available for a minimum of a year. Oh, and there's a big garden.I don't think we could cope with that, to be honest. We'll be too busy to look after it. 那里还有充足的停车空间，但至少要租一年。哦，对了，它还有一个大花园。说实话，我觉得我们应付不了那么大的花园。我们会太忙，没时间打理。 ⭐ ️【plenty of space for parking = 充足的停车空间】⭐️【a minimum of a year = 至少一年】️【cope with = 应付；处理】⭐️【to be honest = 说实话（话语功能：坦率说明）】⭐️【look after = 照料；打理】
  ⭐ 
Okay. Then there's this older house in Hamilton Road: living room, kitchen-diner, and it has a study. 550 a month. 好的。那么Hamilton Road还有一套年代较久的房子：有客厅、餐厨一体的房间和一间书房。月租550英镑。⭐️【kitchen-diner = 餐厨一体的房间】⭐️【study = 书房】
That looks rather nice. But whereabouts in Hamilton Road? ： Towards the western end.：Oh, that'll be very noisy. I know the area. 那套看起来相当不错。不过，它位于Hamilton Road的什么位置？：靠近这条路的西端。：哦，那里会非常吵。我了解那个地区。 ⭐ ️【whereabouts = 具体在什么地方】
 
 
Yes, it's pretty lively. Some people like it, though.&nbsp; 是的，那里相当热闹。不过，有些人很喜欢那种环境。 ⭐ ️【pretty lively = 相当热闹】
Well, what about this house in Devon Close?Devon Close，That looks lovely. 那么，Devon Close的这套房子怎么样？Devon Close，那套看起来很漂亮。
 
There's a big demand for houses in that area, so prices tend to be quite high. 那个地区的住房需求很大，所以租金通常相当高。⭐️【a big demand for = 对……的需求很大】⭐️【tend to be = 往往是；通常是】
But this one hasn't been decorated for a few years, which has kept the rent down a bit. 不过，这套房子已经有几年没有重新装修了，因此租金稍微低了一些。⭐️【keep the rent down = 使租金保持在较低水平】
It's got a living room, dining room and small kitchen, and it's 595 a month. I think it would suit you, from what you've said. 它有客厅、餐厅和一个小厨房，月租595英镑。根据您刚才所说的情况，我觉得它很适合您。⭐️【suit someone = 适合某人】⭐️【from what you've said = 根据你刚才所说的情况】
It sounds fine. 听起来不错。
Why's that part of town so popular? 为什么镇上的那个地区这么受欢迎？
Well, there's a big scheme to improve the district, and it'll soon have the best facilities for miles around. 嗯，目前有一个改善该地区的大型计划；不久以后，那里将拥有方圆数英里内最完善的设施。⭐️【scheme = 计划；项目】⭐️【for miles around = 方圆数英里内】
What sort of thing? 什么样的设施？
There's a big sports centre under construction, which will be very impressive when it's finished. 一座大型体育中心正在建设中，建成后会非常气派。⭐️【under construction = 正在建设中】
In fact the swimming pool's already opened, ahead of schedule, and it's attracting a lot of people. 事实上，游泳池已经提前开放，而且吸引了很多人。⭐️【in fact = 事实上（话语功能：补充具体信息）】⭐️【ahead of schedule = 提前；早于预定时间】
What about cinemas: are there any in the area? 电影院呢？那个地区有电影院吗？
The only one closed down last year, and it's now in the process of being converted into a film museum. 唯一的一家电影院去年关闭了，目前正在改建成电影博物馆。⭐️【close down = 停业；关闭】⭐️【be in the process of doing = 正处于做某事的过程中】⭐️【be converted into = 被改建成】
The local people are trying to get a new cinema added to the scheme. 当地居民正努力争取把新建电影院纳入这一改造计划。⭐️【get something added to the scheme = 争取把某项目纳入计划】
I think I heard something about a plan to replace the existing concert hall with a larger one. 我好像听说过一个计划，要用一座更大的音乐厅取代现有的音乐厅。⭐️【existing = 现有的】⭐️【replace something with = 用……取代……】
Ah, that's due to start next year. 啊，那个项目预计明年动工。⭐️【be due to start = 预计开始；按计划开始】
Well it sounds an interesting area to live in. Could I go and see the house, please? 嗯，听起来这是一个很适合居住的有趣地区。我可以去看看那套房子吗？⭐️【go and see the house = 去实地看房】
Yes, of course. 可以，当然可以。