I've been reading your personal statement, PAUL. 我一直在看你的个人陈述，PAUL。⭐️【personal statement = 个人陈述】
First, let's talk about your work experience in South America. 首先，我们来谈谈你在南美洲的工作经历。
What took you there? Was it to gain more fluency in Spanish? 你为什么会去那里？是为了让西班牙语说得更加流利吗？⭐️【What took you there? = 什么原因使你去了那里？】⭐️【gain more fluency in = 提高……的流利程度】
Well, as I'm combining Spanish with Latin American studies, my main idea was to find out more about the way people lived there. 嗯，因为我同时学习西班牙语和拉丁美洲研究，所以我主要是想进一步了解当地人的生活方式。
My spoken Spanish was already pretty good in fact. 其实，我的西班牙语口语已经相当不错了。⭐️【spoken Spanish = 西班牙语口语】⭐️【in fact = 事实上（话语功能：补充说明）】
So you weren't too worried about language barriers? 所以你并不太担心语言障碍？⭐️【language barrier = 语言障碍】
No. In fact, I ended up teaching English there, although that wasn't my original choice of work. 不担心。事实上，我最后在那里教起了英语，尽管那并不是我最初选择的工作。⭐️【end up doing = 最终做了某事】⭐️【original choice = 最初的选择】
I see. How did you find out about all this? 明白了。你是怎么了解到这些信息的？
I found an agency that runs all kinds of voluntary projects in South America. 我找到了一家在南美洲开展各种志愿服务项目的机构。⭐️【run a project = 开展／运营项目】⭐️【voluntary project = 志愿服务项目】
What kind of work? 什么样的工作？
Well, there were several possibilities. 嗯，当时有好几种选择。
You mean construction? Engineering work? 你是指建筑工作？工程类工作？
Yes, getting involved in building projects was an option. 是的，参与建筑项目是其中一个选择。⭐️【get involved in = 参与】⭐️【be an option = 是一个可选方案】
Then there was tourism - taking tourists for walks around the volcanoes - which I actually chose to do, and then there was work with local farmers. 还有旅游方面的工作——带领游客在火山周围徒步——这其实就是我选择的工作；此外还有与当地农民一起工作的项目。
But you didn't continue with that project. Why not? 但你没有继续参加那个项目。为什么呢？
Because I never really knew whether I'd be needed or not. 因为我始终无法确定那里到底是否需要我。
I'd thought it might be difficult physically, but I was certainly fit enough.., no,I wanted to do something that had more of a proper structure to it, I suppose. 我原以为这项工作在体力上可能很困难，但我的身体条件肯定足以应付……不，我想主要还是因为我希望做一份组织安排更加规范的工作。⭐️【be fit enough = 身体足以胜任】⭐️【have more of a proper structure to it = 具备更加规范的组织安排】
I get de-motivated otherwise. 否则，我会失去动力。⭐️【get de-motivated = 失去动力】
What do you think you learned from your experience? 你认为自己从这段经历中学到了什么？
It must have been a great opportunity to examine community life. 那一定是一个深入了解社区生活的绝佳机会。
Yes, but it was difficult at first to be accepted by the locals. 是的，但刚开始时很难得到当地人的接纳。⭐️【be accepted by the locals = 得到当地人的接纳】
It was a very remote village and some of them were reluctant to speak to me - although they were always interested in my clothes and how much I'd had to pay for them. 那是一个非常偏远的村庄，有些人不太愿意和我说话——不过，他们总是对我的衣服以及我花多少钱买衣服很感兴趣。⭐️【be reluctant to do = 不愿意做；对做某事有所顾虑】
Well, that's understandable. 嗯，那也可以理解。
Yes, but things soon improved. 是的，不过情况很快就有了改善。
What struck me was that when people became more comfortable with me and less suspicious, we really connected with each other in a meaningful way. 令我印象深刻的是，当人们在我面前变得更加自在、不再那么心存疑虑以后，我们真正建立起了有意义的联系。⭐️【What struck me was that... = 令我印象深刻的是……】⭐️【become comfortable with someone = 开始在某人面前感到自在】⭐️【connect with each other = 相互建立联系】⭐️【in a meaningful way = 以有意义的方式】
You made good friends? 你交到了好朋友？
Yes, with two of the families in particular. 是的，尤其是和其中两个家庭。⭐️【in particular = 尤其；特别是】
Good. What about management. Did you have a project manager? 很好。管理方面怎么样？你们有项目经理吗？
Yes and he gave me lots of advice and guidance. 有，他给了我很多建议和指导。
And was he good at managing too? 那他也擅长管理吗？
That wasn't his strong point! I think he was often more interested in the academic side of things than filing reports. 那并不是他的强项！我觉得，比起整理和提交报告，他往往对学术方面的事情更感兴趣。⭐️【strong point = 强项】⭐️【the academic side of things = 事情的学术层面】⭐️【file reports = 整理并提交报告】
He was a bit of a dreamer. 他有点不切实际，爱做白日梦。⭐️【a bit of a dreamer = 有些爱幻想、不太务实的人】
And did you have a contract? 那你签合同了吗？
I had to stay for a minimum of three months. 我必须至少在那里待三个月。⭐️【a minimum of = 至少】
My parents were surprised when I asked to stay longer - six months in the end. I was so happy there. 当我提出想多待一段时间时，我父母非常惊讶——最后我在那里待了六个月。我在那里过得非常开心。
And did anything on the administration side of things surprise you? What was the food and lodging like? 那么，行政安排方面有什么事情让你感到意外吗？食宿条件怎么样？⭐️【the administration side of things = 事务的行政管理方面】⭐️【food and lodging = 食宿】
Simple... but there was plenty to eat and I only paid seven dollars a day for that which was amazing really. 很简朴……但食物很充足，而且我每天只需要为食宿支付七美元，确实令人惊讶。
And they gave me all the equipment I needed.., even a laptop. 而且他们为我提供了需要的全部设备……甚至还有一台笔记本电脑。
You didn't expect that then? 所以你当时没想到会有这些？
No. 没想到。
Well, I'll look forward to hearing more. 好吧，我很期待以后听你讲更多相关经历。⭐️【look forward to doing = 期待做某事】
But now let's look at these modules. You'll need to strat thinking about which ones you will definitely want to study. 不过，现在我们来看看这些课程模块。你需要开始考虑自己确定想学习哪些课程。
The first one here is Gender Studies in Latin America. 这里的第一门是“拉丁美洲性别研究”。
Mmm... 嗯……
It looks at how gender analysis is reconfiguring civil society in Latin America. 这门课研究性别分析如何重塑拉丁美洲的公民社会。⭐️【gender analysis = 性别分析】⭐️【reconfigure civil society = 重塑公民社会】
女生：Women are increasingly occupying positions in government and in other elected leadership positions in Latin America. I think you'd find it interesting.Paul：If it was to do with people in the villages rather than those in the public sphere, I would. 女生：在拉丁美洲，越来越多的女性开始担任政府职务以及其他通过选举产生的领导职位。我想你会觉得这很有意思。Paul：如果课程研究的是村庄里的人，而不是公共领域中的人物，我会感兴趣。 ⭐ ️【occupy a position = 担任职位】⭐️【elected leadership position = 通过选举产生的领导职位】️【be to do with = 与……有关】⭐️【the public sphere = 公共领域】
  ⭐ 
Okay. What about Second Language Acquisition? 好吧。那么“第二语言习得”呢？⭐️【Second Language Acquisition = 第二语言习得】
Do you think I'd find that useful? 你觉得这门课对我有用吗？
女生：Well, you've had some practical experience in the field, I think it would be.Paul： I hadn't thought about that. I'll put that down as a definite, then. 女生：嗯，你在这个领域已经有了一些实践经验，所以我认为它会对你有帮助。Paul：我之前没想到这一点。那我就把它列为确定要选的课程。 ⭐ ️【in the field = 在相关领域／实际工作中】️【put something down as a definite = 把某事列为确定的选择】
  ⭐ 
Okay, what about Indigenous Women's lives. That sounds appropriate. 好，那么“原住民女性的生活”呢？这听起来很适合你。⭐️【indigenous women = 原住民女性】
Paul：I thought so too, but I looked at last year's exam questions and that changed my mind.女生：Don't judge the value of the course on that. Maybe, talk to some other students first and we can talk about it again later.Paul： Okay. Paul：我原本也这么认为，但看了去年的考试题目以后，我改变了主意。女生：不要仅凭这一点判断这门课程的价值。或许你可以先和其他学生谈谈，之后我们再讨论。Paul：&nbsp;Okay. ⭐ ️【change your mind = 改变主意】️【judge something on something = 根据某事判断某事物的价值】
  ⭐ 
 好的。
Yes. And lastly, will you sign up for Portuguese lessons? 好。最后，你会报名参加葡萄牙语课程吗？⭐️【sign up for = 报名参加】
My Spanish is good, so would I find that module easy? 我的西班牙语很好，那么我会不会觉得这门课很容易？
Not necessarily. Some people find that Spanish interferes with learning Portuguese...getting the accent right too.It's quite different in a lot of ways. 不一定。有些人发现，西班牙语反而会干扰他们学习葡萄牙语……而且要掌握正确的口音也不容易。两种语言在很多方面都很不一样。⭐️【not necessarily = 不一定（话语功能：部分否定）】⭐️【interfere with = 妨碍；干扰】⭐️【get the accent right = 准确掌握口音】⭐️【in a lot of ways = 在很多方面】
Well,I'd much sooner do something else, then. 嗯，那我宁愿选择其他课程。⭐️【would much sooner do = 宁愿做……】
Alright. Now, what we need to do is... 好吧。现在我们需要做的是……