Good morning and welcome again to Your City Today. 早上好，欢迎再次收听《Your City Today》。⭐ welcome back/again —— 再次欢迎
With me today is Graham Campbell, a councillor from the city council. 今天和我一起的是Graham Campbell，他是市议会的一名议员。⭐ councillor —— 议员；地方政府委员｜city council —— 市议会
He will be telling us about the plan to improve the fast-growing suburb of Red Hill. 他将向我们介绍改善快速发展的Red Hill郊区的计划。⭐ tell sb about sth —— 告诉某人关于某事｜fast-growing —— 快速发展的｜suburb —— 郊区
Good morning Graham and welcome to the show. 早上好，Graham，欢迎来到节目。⭐ welcome to the show —— 欢迎来到节目
Good morning, Carol. 早上好，Carol。
Now, Graham, I understand that there has been a lot of community consultation for the new plan? &nbsp;Graham，我了解到新计划之前进行了大量社区咨询，对吗？ ⭐ community consultation —— 社区咨询｜there has been... —— 已经有……
Yes, we've tried to address some of the concerns that local groups told us about. 是的，我们试图解决当地团体告诉我们的部分问题。⭐ try to do sth —— 努力做某事｜address concerns —— 解决担忧/问题｜local groups —— 当地团体
People we've heard from are mainly worried about traffic in the area, and, in particular, the increasing speed of cars near schools. 我们听取意见的人主要担心该地区的交通问题，尤其是学校附近汽车速度不断增加的问题。⭐ hear from sb —— 收到某人的意见/消息｜be worried about —— 担心｜in particular —— 尤其｜increasing speed —— 不断增加的速度
They feel that it is only a matter of time before there is an accident as a lot of the children walk to the school. 他们认为发生事故只是时间问题，因为很多孩子步行去学校。⭐ only a matter of time —— 只是时间问题｜before sth happens —— 在某事发生之前
So we're trying to do something about that. Another area of concern is the overhead power lines. 所以我们正在努力解决这个问题。另一个令人担忧的问题是高架电线。⭐ do something about sth —— 采取措施解决某事｜area of concern —— 关注的问题｜overhead power lines —— 高架电线
These are very old and a lot of people we spoke to asked if something could be done about them. 这些电线已经非常老旧，很多和我们交谈的人都询问是否可以采取措施处理它们。⭐ ask if something could be done —— 询问是否可以采取措施｜old —— 老旧的
Well, I'm happy to report that the power company have agreed to move the power lines underground at a cost of $800,000. 我很高兴告诉大家，电力公司已经同意花费80万美元将电线移到地下。⭐ be happy to report that... —— 很高兴宣布……｜agree to do sth —— 同意做某事｜move sth underground —— 将某物移到地下｜at a cost of... —— 花费……
I think that will really improve the look of the area, as well as being safer. 我认为这会大大改善该地区的外观，同时也更加安全。⭐ improve the look of... —— 改善……的外观｜as well as —— 以及；同时
That's good to know, but will that mean an increase in rates for the local businesses in that area? 这很好，不过这是否意味着该地区当地企业的费用会增加？⭐ good to know —— 很高兴知道｜mean an increase in... —— 意味着……增加｜local businesses —— 当地企业
Well, the power company have agreed to bear the cost of this themselves after a lot of discussion with the council. 电力公司在与市议会进行了大量讨论后，同意自行承担这笔费用。⭐ bear the cost —— 承担费用｜themselves —— 他们自己
This is wonderful news as the council now has some extra funds for us to put into other things like tree planting and art work. 这是个好消息，因为市议会现在有额外资金投入其他项目，比如植树和艺术作品。⭐ extra funds —— 额外资金｜put funds into sth —— 将资金投入某事｜tree planting —— 植树
Now, we've also put together a map which we've sent out to all the residents in the area. 此外，我们还制作了一张地图，并发送给该地区所有居民。⭐ put together —— 制作；整理｜send out —— 分发；发送｜resident —— 居民
And on the map we've marked the proposed changes. 我们已经在地图上标出了计划中的变化。⭐ mark sth on a map —— 在地图上标出某物｜proposed changes —— 计划中的变化
Firstly, we'll plant mature pine trees to provide shelter and shade just to the right of the supermarket in Days Road. 首先，我们将在Days Road超市右侧种植成熟的松树，以提供遮挡和阴凉。⭐ mature pine trees —— 成熟的松树｜provide shelter and shade —— 提供遮挡和阴凉｜just to the right of —— 就在……右侧
In order to address the traffic problems, the pavements on the corner of Carberry and Thomas Street will be widened. 为了解决交通问题，Carberry Street和Thomas Street拐角处的人行道将被拓宽。⭐ in order to —— 为了｜address problems —— 解决问题｜pavement —— 人行道｜widen —— 拓宽
This will help to reduce the speed of vehicles entering Thomas Street. 这将帮助降低进入Thomas Street车辆的速度。⭐ reduce the speed of... —— 降低……速度｜vehicle —— 车辆
We think it's very important to separate the local residential streets from the main road. 我们认为将当地住宅街道与主干道分隔开非常重要。⭐ separate A from B —— 将A与B分开｜residential street —— 住宅街道｜main road —— 主干道
So the roadway at the entry of Thomas Street from Days Road will be painted red. 因此，从Days Road进入Thomas Street入口处的道路将被涂成红色。⭐ entry of... —— ……入口｜be painted red —— 被涂成红色
This should mark it more clearly and act as a signal for traffic to slow down. 这应该能让它更加明显，并作为提醒车辆减速的信号。⭐ mark clearly —— 清晰标记｜act as a signal —— 起到信号作用｜slow down —— 减速
One way of making sure that the pedestrians are safe is to increase signage at the intersections. 确保行人安全的一种方式是在十字路口增加标识。⭐ make sure that... —— 确保……｜pedestrian —— 行人｜signage —— 标识｜intersection —— 十字路口
A 'keep clear' sign will be erected at the junction of Evelyn Street and Hill Street, to enable traffic to exit at all times.&nbsp; Evelyn Street和Hill Street交叉口将设置"保持畅通"的标志，以确保车辆始终可以驶出。 ⭐ erect a sign —— 设置标志｜junction —— 交叉口｜enable sb to do sth —— 使某人能够做某事｜at all times —— 始终
Something we're planning to do to help control the flow of traffic in the area is to install traffic lights half way down Hill Street where it crosses Days Road. 我们计划采取的一项帮助控制该地区交通流量的措施，是在Hill Street与Days Road交叉处的中段安装交通灯。⭐ control the flow of traffic —— 控制交通流量｜install traffic lights —— 安装交通灯｜half way down —— 中途；中段｜where it crosses... —— 与……交叉的地方
Now, we haven't only thought about the cars and traffic, of course, there's also something for the children. 当然，我们不仅考虑了汽车和交通，也为孩子们准备了一些东西。⭐ not only... but also... —— 不仅……而且……
We're going to get school children in the area to research a local story, the life of a local sports hero perhaps, and an artist will incorporate that story into paintings on the wall of a building on the other side of Hill Street from the supermarket. 我们计划让当地学校的孩子研究一个本地故事，比如当地体育英雄的一生，然后由艺术家把这个故事融入绘画，画在超市对面Hill Street另一侧的一栋建筑墙上。⭐ get sb to do sth —— 让某人做某事｜research —— 研究｜incorporate A into B —— 将A融入B｜on the other side of... —— 在……另一侧
And finally, we've agreed to build a new children's playground which will be at the other end of Hill Street close to the intersection with Carberry Street. 最后，我们同意建造一个新的儿童游乐场，它将位于Hill Street另一端，靠近与Carberry Street的交叉口。⭐ agree to do sth —— 同意做某事｜children's playground —— 儿童游乐场｜at the other end of... —— 在……另一端｜close to —— 靠近
Wonderful, now, what's the next stage? 很好，那么下一阶段是什么？⭐ next stage —— 下一阶段
Well, the final plan... 嗯，最终计划……