For the second in our series about locally-run businesses, we meet Simon Winridge, co-founder of the hugely-successful Winridge Forest Railway Park. 在本系列关于本地经营企业的第二期节目中，我们将采访Winridge森林铁路公园的联合创始人Simon Winridge；这座公园取得了巨大成功。⭐️【locally-run business = 本地经营的企业】【co-founder = 联合创始人】【hugely successful = 极其成功的】
Welcome, Simon. 欢迎你，Simon。
Now, perhaps you can begin by telling us a little bit about how it all started. 或许可以请你先简单讲讲这一切最初是怎样开始的。⭐️【how it all started = 这一切是如何开始的】
Well, during the 1970s, my wife, Liz and I had just acquired 80 acres of sheep-farming land, and we decided to settle down and have children.&nbsp; 20世纪70年代，我和妻子Liz刚刚购得80英亩的牧羊用地，并决定安定下来、生儿育女。 ⭐ ️【acquire = 获得；购得】【settle down = 安定下来】
Pretty soon we had a daughter, Sarah, and a son, Duncan. 没过多久，我们便有了女儿Sarah和儿子Duncan。
The place was wonderful for the kids: they particularly loved trains and gradually built up an enormous network of miniature railway track. 这个地方非常适合孩子们成长。他们尤其喜欢火车，后来逐渐搭建起一个庞大的微型铁路网。⭐️【build up = 逐步建立】【an enormous network of = 庞大的……网络】【miniature railway track = 微型铁路轨道】
I began to develop larger-scale models of locomotives but we didn't think anything more of it until I went on a trip to a theme park near Birmingham and decided we could do a much better job! 我开始制作尺寸更大的机车模型，但我们当时并没有继续深想，直到我去伯明翰附近的一座主题公园参观，才认定我们完全可以做得更好！⭐️【larger-scale = 规模／尺寸更大的】【locomotive = 机车；火车头】【not think anything more of it = 没有把它进一步放在心上】【do a much better job = 做得好得多】
So we set up a small one ourselves based on the miniature railway and we opened to the public for just a month that year, 1984-in July-our driest month-because our children said they didn't want our guests to have a miserable, wet visit. 因此，我们以这条微型铁路为基础，自己建起了一座小型公园。1984年，我们只在当年的7月——这里最干燥的月份——对外开放了一个月，因为孩子们说，他们不希望游客在湿漉漉的天气里获得一次糟糕的游览体验。⭐️【set up = 建立；创办】【open to the public = 向公众开放】【a miserable, wet visit = 一次因阴雨天气而体验糟糕的游览】
I dealt with Park business and Liz carried on with the farm work. 我负责公园的经营事务，Liz则继续从事农场工作。⭐️【deal with = 负责处理】【carry on with = 继续从事】
It soon became clear that we were onto a winner. 很快，我们便清楚地意识到，这个项目很可能会取得成功。⭐️【be onto a winner = 找到了很可能成功的事物／项目】
We began to extend the railway track and lay it among more interesting landscape by planting trees, which in turn attracted more wildlife, and by making cuttings through the rock. 我们开始延长铁路轨道，并通过植树和开凿岩石路堑，让轨道穿过更加有趣的景观；种下的树木又进一步吸引了更多野生动物。⭐️【in turn = 继而；反过来（话语功能：连锁结果）】【cutting = 铁路或公路穿过高地时开凿出的路堑】
Nowadays, we're open all year round and we're pleased to say that Winridge is one of the most popular visitor attractions in the area-with 50,000 visitors a year - a million and a half people have been through our doors since we opened. 如今，我们全年开放。我们很高兴地说，Winridge已经成为当地最受欢迎的旅游景点之一，每年接待5万名游客；自开业以来，累计已有150万人到访。⭐️【all year round = 全年】【visitor attraction = 旅游景点】【come through our doors = 走进店内／到访】
All these visitors mean we have had to expand our operation and it's now a truly family concern. 如此庞大的游客数量意味着我们不得不扩大经营规模，而它如今已经真正成为一项家族事业。⭐️【expand an operation = 扩大经营规模】【family concern = 家族企业／家族事业】
I'm near to retirement age so I only concern myself with looking after the mechanical side of things - keeping the trains going. 我已经接近退休年龄，所以现在只负责机械方面的事务，也就是确保火车正常运行。⭐️【concern yourself with = 负责；操心】【the mechanical side of things = 机械方面的事务】【keep something going = 使……持续正常运转】
Liz now devotes all her energies to recruiting and supporting the large squadron of workers, which keep the place running smoothly.&nbsp; Liz现在把全部精力投入到招募和支持这支庞大的员工队伍上，由他们保证公园顺畅运营。 ⭐ ️【devote your energies to = 把精力投入……】【a squadron of workers = 一大队工作人员】【keep something running smoothly = 保证……顺畅运转】
We're really pleased that after some years away teaching, Sarah has now returned to the park and makes sure the visitors are kept fed and watered, which keeps her pretty busy as you can imagine. 我们非常高兴，Sarah在外任教几年后，现在已经回到公园，负责确保游客都能获得餐饮供应；可以想象，这让她相当忙碌。⭐️【some years away = 离开数年】【keep someone fed and watered = 确保某人的饮食供应充足】
Our son, Duncan, has been a stalwart of the park for the last ten years, taking over from me in the area of construction - and I'll say a little bit more about that in a moment -&nbsp; 过去十年间，我们的儿子Duncan一直是公园的中坚力量，并在建设方面接替了我的工作——稍后我会再详细谈谈这一点。 ⭐ ️【stalwart = 中坚力量；坚定可靠的支持者】【take over from someone = 接替某人的工作】【in a moment = 稍后（话语功能：预告）】
and his new wife, Judith, has also joined the team in charge of retail. 他的新婚妻子Judith也加入了团队，负责零售业务。 ⭐ 【in charge of = 负责】
That's becoming a tremendous growth area for us-a lot of people want to buy souvenirs. 零售正在成为我们一个增长极其迅速的业务领域，因为许多人都想购买纪念品。⭐️【a tremendous growth area = 增长非常显著的业务领域】
So have you finished your development of the site for the moment? 那么，你们目前已经完成园区的开发了吗？⭐️【for the moment = 目前；暂时】
Not at all! 完全没有！
We've constantly looking for ways to offer more to our visitors. 我们一直在寻找为游客提供更多体验的方法。⭐️【look for ways to = 寻找做某事的方法】
The railway remains the central feature and there's now 1.2 kilometres of the line laid but we'd like to lay more. 铁路仍然是公园的核心特色。目前已经铺设了1.2公里的轨道，但我们希望继续延长。⭐️【central feature = 核心特色】
Because of the geology of the area, our greatest problem is digging tunnels. 由于当地的地质条件，我们面临的最大难题是开凿隧道。⭐️【geology = 地质条件】
But we're gradually overcoming that. 不过，我们正在逐步克服这个问题。⭐️【overcome = 克服】
We're also very pleased with a new installation of the GO-Kart arena which is 120 square metres in area. 我们也对新建的卡丁车场非常满意，它的占地面积为120平方米。⭐️【installation = 新安装／建成的设施】【go-kart arena = 卡丁车场】
Again the problem is the geology; we had to level the mounds on the track for safety reasons. 问题同样出在地质条件上。出于安全考虑，我们不得不铲平赛道上的土丘。⭐️【level = 铲平；使平整】【mound = 土丘】【for safety reasons = 出于安全考虑】
We wanted to enable 5-12 year olds to use the go-karts. 我们希望让5至12岁的儿童也能驾驶卡丁车。⭐️【enable someone to do = 使某人能够做】
And the main attraction here is the Formula 1 Kart. 而这里最受欢迎的项目是一级方程式卡丁车。⭐️【main attraction = 最吸引人的项目】
We've known fights to break out over who gets it! 我们甚至见过游客为了争夺它而打起来！⭐️【a fight breaks out = 爆发争斗】
And then finally to our most recent development which is the landscaped… 最后要说的是我们最近开发的项目，也就是经过景观设计的……